fo  4  Outlook 

MAC County Courier  -  March 6,  2026 

From  David  Owen  <dowen@mocounties.com> 

Date  Fri  2026-03-06  9:07 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Missou 

i  Association  of  Counties 

Advocating  for  county  ¢ 

iments  in  Missouri  since  1972 

The County Courier 

March  6,  2026 

Let  counites  be  heard  at the 

Capitol  during MAC's 

Legislative  Day 
Registration  for  MAC's  Legislative  Day  is  open!  Join 
county-elected  ofÏcials  on  April  14-15  for an 

evening  reception  and  morning  at  the  Capitol. 

Click for  the  agenda  and  to  register 

Join  us for  a  Missouri  Leadership Meeting with  MAC  General 

MISSOURI 
LEADERSHIP 
a 

Lobbyist Trent Watson 
Trent Watson,  Lobbyist for MAC,  will join  the Missouri  Leadership Meeting at 
11  a.m.  on  Monday,  March  23  by Zoom. 

Watson  will  bring  members up-to-date with  the  legislative session  and  where 
it  stands  at  the  halfway  point. 

How to Join: 
This  meeting  will  be  held  on  Zoom.  If  you  haven’t  already,  please  download 

the  Zoom  app  to  your  computer or  smartphone  ahead  of  time.  Simply  use  the 
provided  link  and  wait to join  the  meeting on  that day.  You  can  also  enter the 

meeting  ID  to join  if the  link doesn’t  directly  put  you  in  the  waiting  room. 
Registration  is  not  required  for this  meeting. 

Meeting  Etiquette: 

Please  keep  your audio  muted  during  the  session.  Submit questions you  may 
have  using  the  chat  feature.  Mark  your  calendar and  get  ready  for an 

informative  session.  We  look  forward  to seeing  you  in  the  meeting  room! 

Meeting information: 

https: //usO6web.zoom.us/j/85922574625 

Meeting  ID:  859  2257  4625 

MAC's bill  tracker/Weekly Wrap  Up 
Stay  informed  on  the  progress of  House  and  Senate  bills  being  monitored  by 
MAC  during  the  2026  Legislative  Session  and  listen  to  the Weekly Wrap Up. 

:  pesociation of 

Ss 

¥ 

%, 

a 

MAC’s 2026  Legislative  Bill  Tracker  provides  a  comprehensive overview of  bills 

as  they  move through  the  legislative  process.  Visit MAC’s  website  regularly  to 
stay  up  to  date on  legislative  developments  throughout  the  session. 

Click to view the  bill  categories 

MAC's Weekly Wrap-Up  provides  comprehensive  coverage  of  the  key  issues  and 

initiatives that  are  currently  being  prioritized.  From  legislative  updates  and 

policy changes  to  important  news and  events,  we  ensure  that  you  are  well- 

informed  about  the  matters  that  impact  our counties  and  communities. 

Listen 

to  the  episodes 

Missouri  News 

Missouri  House  passes  second  attempt at  legislation  changing 

property tax policies 
Missouri  House  members  have  passed  legislation  aimed  at  lowering  property 

taxes. 

Representatives voted  133-13  to  pass  the  legislation.  It  now  goes  to  the 

Senate,  where  Republican  Senate  Floor  Leader Tony Luetkemeyer, R- 
Parkville,  has  already said  reducing  property  taxes is  a  priority. 

Speaking before the  vote,  bill sponsor  Rep.  Tim  Taylor, R-Bunceton,  praised 

the  legislation  and  the work of the special committee  he  chaired  on  property 

taxes. 

“If this  passes  this final journey,  we  can  assure our  constituents that we  have 
made  their  lives  better, and,  quite frankly,  made  our  lives  better as 
taxpayers as  well,  in  stabilizing  the current system  so  that we  can  continue 
to work  forward  in  the years  to come to  make  it even  better,” Taylor said. 

Read  more 

Judge  revises ballot  language  for  plan  to  make it  harder to  amend  Missouri  Constitution 
A  ballot  measure  pushed  by  Republicans  to  change  how majorities  are  calculated  in  Missouri  for 
constitutional  amendments  proposed  by  initiative  must  clearly alert  voters  that  is  its intent,  a  Cole 
County judge  ruled  Wednesday.  Read  more 

Foes  of  new Missouri  congressional  map  say they  have signatures for  a  November vote 
Agroup aiming to place  a  new Missouri  congressional  map  up  for a statewide vote  says  it  will  have  enough 
signatures for  a  November  referendum.  Read  more 

Republicans  push  forward with  proposal to  replace Missouri  income  tax with  sales tax 
The  proposal to eliminate  the state  income  tax is  moving to the Missouri  House  floor following a  party- 
line  committee vote Wednesday.  Read  more 

: 

Missouri  lawmakers weigh  $294M  price tag to  carry  out  new federal Medicaid  rules 
Missouri  lawmakers Wednesday once  again  discussed  a  request  for  $294.6  million  —  including  $35  million 
in  state  general  revenue —  to  help the state  implement federally  mandated  changes to safety net 
programs.  Read  more 

Shopping  around for power:  Missouri  bill  aims to  break up  electric  utilities 
Don  Mayhew  believes  in  the  free  market.  “We  have  choice  in  a  lot  of different  things.  Go  to a  grocery 
store  —  there’s four different  brands  of  green  beans  you  can  buy,” said  Mayhew,  a  Republican  Crocker. 
“We  know  that competition  in  any  marketplace  is  the  foundation  —  the  cornerstone  —  of our capitalist 
system.”  Read  more 

Missouri  lawmakers told  cost  is  unknown  to  fix problem-plagued  financial  system 
A  Missouri  state  accounting system  that  was  supposed  to  integrate  all  state  financial  operations on  one 
platform  is  late  and  over  budget  —  and  the  program’s top  executive can’t say when  it will  be working  or 
how  much  more  it will  cost.  Read  more 

Bill  to  create agriculture education  program gets  unanimous  support  from  Missouri  House 
Hoping  to  grow the next  generation  of farmers,  the Missouri  House  unanimously  approved a  bill Monday to 
create an  optional  agriculture education  program  for elementary  schools.  Read  more 

County  News 

Share your county's achievements  and  honors 
The Missouri  Association  of Counties would  like  you  to  Show Me  Your 
County. 

Show Me  Your County is  a  chance  for our  counties  to  highlight a 
program,  initiative or praise a  hard-working  county employee who  has 
gone  above  and  beyond  their duties  or  has  received  an  award. 

(HOW 

Counties  can  submit  a  500-word  or  less  description  of the  program, 
initiative  or  employee,  along  with  pictures  if applicable.  Those 
submissions  will  then  be  featured  on  MAC’s social  media  platforms and 
in  the Missouri  County  Record  magazine. 

YOUR COUNTY 

Submit  your  county today 

March 
March  11-13-  Sheriffs’  Spring  Conference 
March  16-20  -  Legislative  Spring  Break 

April 
April  1-3  -  Prosecutors’  Spring Training 

April  3  -  Good  Friday/MAC  ofÏce  closes  at  noon 
April  6  -  Legislative  Easter  Break/No  Session 

April 7  -  OfÏcial  Election  Day 
April  14-15  -  MAC  Legislative  Day 

April  22-24  -  Recorders’  Training 
April  21-23  -  Collectors’  Training 

April  21-24  -  Public Administrators’ Training 

April  22-24  -  Auditors’  Training 

May 

May  7  -  MAC  Board  Meeting,  Courtyard  Marriott  in  Jefferson  City 

May  8  -  State  ofÏces  closed/Truman’s Birthday 
May  8  - Appropriation  bills  must  be  Truly Agreed  and  Finally  Passed 
May  15  - Session  Ends 

May  25  - State  ofÏces  closed/Memorial  Day 

A (  O 
Schedule  of  upcoming webinars  for  NACo  members 
NACo  hosts  several webinars for  its  members that  cover a  variety of  different 
topics and programs for county government ofÏcials and their staff. Learn  = {eer 

ASSOCIATION 
of COUNTIES 

~~ 

NATIONAL, N 

about  the  upcoming  webinars  and  register to attend. 

View  the webinars and  register 

NACo  partners with  thought  leaders,  industry  partners  and  philanthropic 
organizations  to  identify and  elevate best  practices  in  key  areas of county 
responsibility.  NACo  programming enhances  public  understanding of county 
government and  supports  the learning  and  development  of America’s county 

leaders. 

‘Blinded  by dollar signs’:  Independence wrestles with 
90%  tax abatement for massive Al  data  center 
Rachel Gonzalez  did  not  foresee  becoming  an  opposition  leader to 
what could  be  the  largest  economic  development  project in  the 
history of  Independence,  Missouri. 

She is  a  lifelong  resident,  living just  a  few  miles  from  a  proposed 
hyperscale data  center site.  She  knows  and  voted  for  several of the 
council  members who  will  decide whether to  give  tax abatements 
to the project —  a vote  that  may  ultimately decide  the fate of the 
“Al factory.” 

When  she first  heard  about the data  center  late  last  year, she 
assumed  the  more  she  learned,  the  better  she  would  feel about it. 

The  opposite  happened.  Read  more 

Property tax caps  on April  ballot in  several counties worry districts 
At  the April  7  election,  voters  in  several southwest  Missouri  counties  will  be  asked  to weigh  in  on  property 
tax caps  created  by state legislators.  As  assessments  and  property tax  bills  have  balloons,  limiting  how 
much  property  taxes can  grow in  the future could  be enticing,  but the  constitutionality  of  the  legislation 
is yet to  be decided  and  the  tax freezes could  have significant  effects on  the services  property taxes 
fund.  Read  more 

Boone  County  considers ending  renewal  requirement for senior property tax  program 
The  Boone  County Commission  is  considering  an  amendment to  the county's  senior  real estate tax 
program  policy  that would  remove the  requirement for annual  renewal.  Read  more 

Sam  Page  asks  for $8.6M for St.  Louis  County budget  for jails,  roads and  police 
St.  Louis  County  Executive Sam  Page  said  the  county should  add  back  $8.6  million  of  expenses into  its 
tight  budget.  Read  more 

Crusoe  pitches  80%  personal  property tax abatement  for  data  center  project 
The Warrenton  Board  of Aldermen  listened  to  a  proposal  from  Crusoe,  the  builder  of the  proposed  data 
center  in  the  city, for an  80  percent  personal  property tax abatement during  a  work session  Feb.  23.  Read 

more 

Festus  faces second  lawsuit  over  data  centers 
A Festus  resident  has filed  a  lawsuit against  the  city of  Festus,  asking  the courts  to  reverse  recent City 
Council  actions  involving data  centers.  Read  more 

Apply_now!  Initiatives and  cohorts 

Governor  Kehoe announces  opportunity for  more Missouri 

communities to  earn  Blue  Shield  designation 
Governor Mike  Kehoe  announced  Missouri  counties,  towns,  and  cities  can  now 
apply to  be  recognized  as  Blue  Shield  communities in  2026  for  their  dedication 
to effective law enforcement and  community  safety. 

Missouri 
E  SHIELD 

PROGRAM 
Communities  Committed  to 
fubcsalely 

The Missouri  Department  of  Public Safety administers  the  Blue  Shield  Program. 
Applications should  be  made  by an  ofÏcial from  the  jurisdictions seeking  the 
Blue Shield designation  in  coordination with  the jurisdiction’s chief law 
enforcement  ofÏcer. 

Deadline to  submit is June  1,  2026.  Applications  are  made  online,  and  all 
supporting  materials can  be uploaded  here . 

Featured  Partner  -  Platinum 

A  Subsidiary  of  Commerce  Bank  |  Member  FINRA/SIPC 

Follow  us  on  Social  Media! 
Stay  connected  for  latest  news  and  updates 

00 

Missouri Association of Counties 

PO  Box  234 

Jefferson  City,  MO 65102-0234 

United  States 

573-634-2120  |  www.mocounties.com 

Sent from:  info@mocounties.com 

Unsubscribe 

