@&®  Outlook 

Application for 2026-2027 Presidential  Leadership  and  Committee Appointments 

From  NACo  <naco@naco.org> 

Date  Thu  2026-03-12 9:49 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Having  trouble viewing this  email? Click  here to  view  it  in  a  web  browser. 

26 | Presidential 

Appointments  Application 

TO:  NACo Members 

FROM:  Hon.  George  Dunlap,  NACo  First  Vice  President 

DATE: March  12,  2026 

RE: Application  for 2026-2027 Presidential  Leadership  and 
Committee Appointments 

Thank you  for your dedication  to  your  county  and  all  counties  across America  through 
your membership  in  the  National  Association  of Counties  (NACo). 

While  you  serve your  county  in  vast ways,  |  ask you  to  strongly consider submitting 
your  name  for a  leadership  position  at  NACo.  Together, we  can  achieve results for 
America's counties and  the  people we  serve  each  and  every day. 

These appointments  are  for: 

¢  Policy  steering  committee  chairs  and  vice  chairs,  and  subcommittee  chairs and 

vice chairs 

e  Large  Urban  County Caucus,  Midsize  County Caucus  and  Rural Action  Caucus 

chairs  and  vice  chairs 

¢  Standing  committee chairs,  vice  chairs  and  members 

¢  Advisory and  innovation  council  chairs,  vice  chairs and  members 

¢  At-large  appointments to  the  NACo  Board  of Directors 

Below is  more  information for each  committee  and  its  specific  appointment terms. 
Committee  leaders  must  cover their own  travel  and  conference  expenses. 

IMPORTANT: Policy steering  committee membership  is  not a  part of this 
application  process. To apply for a  policy steering  committee,  you  may  access 
the  portal  on  the  link found  here. Applications will  be  routed  to  your state 
association  for  approval,  subject to  the  10  and 2  rule. Click  here  to  learn  more 
about  the  NACo policy  process. 

Presidential Appointment 
Application 

To be  considered for a  presidential appointment, you  MUST complete the  online 
application  by 11:59  p.m.  EDT on  May  8,  2026. 

These appointments  are for one  year (July—July). 

Policy Steering  Committee  Leadership 

The  10  policy  steering  committees will each  have  a  leadership team  consisting  of a 
chair, an  appropriate  number of vice  chairs,  and  subcommittee  chairs  and  vice  chairs. 
Those applicants who  have  been  active  members  of the  steering  committee will  be 
given  preference  in  consideration for these appointments.  The  applicant should  be 
willing  to  help  coordinate  leadership  conference calls,  develop  meeting  agendas  and 
participate  in  outreach with  federal  ofÏcials,  if  necessary. 

LUCC,  Midsize  and  RAC  Leadership 

The Large  Urban  County Caucus,  Midsize  County Caucus and  the  Rural Action 
Caucus  will  each  have  a chair and  an  appropriate  number of vice  chairs. Applicants 
who  have  been  active  members  of these  caucuses will  be  given  preference in 
consideration for  these  appointments. 

At-Large  Appointments  to  the  NACo  Board  of 

Directors 

Each  president appoints  10  at-large  directors  to  the  NACo  Board of Directors  for a 

one-year term.  These appointments  are  to  add  balance  to  the  board  with  respect to 

any  inequities  between  urban  and  rural,  gender, geography and  minority 

representation. As with  our  communities,  our  strength  is  in  our  diversity. 

Standing  Committees 

Standing  committees  provide  important feedback  and  facts  for  NACo’s Board  of 

Directors  and  Executive  Committee.  Standing  committees  include: 

¢  Information  Technology: Advises  on  information  technology  issues  and 

provides  oversight on  NACo  information  technology  projects. 

¢  Programs and  Services:  Advises the  development and  evaluation  of  programs 

and  services for  NACo  members. 

e¢  Membership: Actively  recruits  and  retains  member  counties,  parishes  and 

boroughs  to  advance  NACo's number  one  performance  priority  of county  ofÏcial 

engagement. 

Advisory  &  Innovation  Councils 

Advisory and  innovation  councils  support  NACo  in  providing  forums  for thought 

leadership,  best  practice  dissemination  and  leadership  development.  Councils  include: 

¢  Arts  and  Culture  Innovation  Council:  Demonstrates  how  the  arts  can  be  used 

by  county  ofÏcials  to  promote  economic  development and  provide  solutions  to 

many  of the  challenges  that  they face,  through  workshop  sessions,  field  trips, 

special  publications  and  its  annual Arts  &  Culture  awards,  which  recognize 

counties  working  to  foster an  environment where  arts  &  culture  can  thrive  to 

create  more  livable  communities. 

¢  Resilient Counties  Innovation  Council:  Provides information,  guidance  and 

support  to  the  NACo  Resilient  Counties  Initiative. 

¢  Healthy  Counties  Innovation  Council:  Provides information,  guidance  and 

support  to  the  NACo  Healthy  Counties  Initiative. 

«  Advisory Council  on  Immigration  and  Intergovernmental Affairs:  Educates 

Congress,  the  administration  and  NACo  members  on  the  impact  of immigration 

on  counties  and  helps  advocate  for  NACo's  priorities. 

¢  Economic  Development Innovation  Council:  Provides  information,  guidance 

and  support  for  international  economic development activities,  including  tools  for 

county  ofÏcials. 

¢  Veterans and  Military Services Advisory  Council:  Engages  NACo and  its 

members  to  develop  and  highlight  county  best  practices and  policies  to  promote 

innovative  programs,  services  and  benefits  for  military  service  members, 

veterans  and  their families. 

The online  application form  is  available  here. 

The  deadline  for  submitting  your  application  is  11:59  p.m.  EDT on  May  8,  2026. 

Thank  you  in  advance for your  interest  in  serving,  and  |  look  forward  to  receiving 

your  application. 

NW.  Washington 

20001 

Privacy  Policy  |  About 

| 

