&®  Outlook 

Re:  Hello 

From  Christopher Scott  <cscott@callawaycounty.org> 

Date  Mon  2026-08-03  1:54  PM 

To 

Cc 

Cassandra  Drinkwater  <kitcatbar1989@gmail.com> 

Gary Jungermann  <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org>;  Curt  Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Cassandra, 

Thank you for your recent emails.  |  appreciate your concerns over the  pending development of a  data 

center in  Callaway  County.  The  Commission  shares your concerns and  is  actively discussing all  concerns 

gathered from  constituents  with  the  developer. 

As for a  public meeting,  that is  exactly why the  Chamber of Commerce and  Crusoe  put on  the  open 

house  event.  Because that event was  not  a  commission-sponsored  meeting does  not  mean that the 
commission  is  operating  in  private.  The  commission  has  been  very open  to  meet for discussions  of 

public concerns.  Two recent such  meetings  (Monday 7/27 and  Wednesday 7/29)  were recorded as 
ofÏcial Commission  business,  and  those  recordings are available from the  County Clerk website  along 

with  all  other Commission  meetings. 
https://callawaycountyclerk.com/?page_id=20969 

The  idea  that the  County  MUST hold  a  meeting similar to the  public open  house  already  held  seems to 
indicate that the  public would treat the  same  information to a  greater degree  if it  were delivered  by the 
Commission,  rather than  from the  developer and  the local  Chamber of Commerce.  On that point,  | 

believe that we  will  have to  agree  to  disagree.  Folks  are going to tend to trust only the  information with 
which  they agree  most,  not the same  information  delivered  form  a  different source.  The  information  is 

the  information...  and  the  best  information  is  that delivered  from  the  developer... which  has  been 

publicly delivered  and  reported  by  many  local  media outlets. 

The  Commission  has  been  and  will  continue to  be open for public  discussions.  As  always,  if you  would 
like  to  discuss further, |  would  welcome  either a  telephone  discussion  or an  in-person  chat.  My contact 

info  is  all  available  in  the  email  signature  below. 

Christopher Scott 

Callaway  County  Commission 
Western  District 
10  East 5" Street Fulton,  MO  65251 
573-642-0737  (OfÏce) 
573-418-4561  (Mobile) 
573-642-1032  (Fax) 
cscott@callawaycounty.org 

Callaway County 

Celebrating 209 years  in  the heart of  Mid-Missouri 

' 

From: Cassandra  Drinkwater <kitcatbar1989@gmail.com> 

Sent: Saturday, August  1,  2026  12:03  PM 
To: Gary Jungermann <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org>; Christopher Scott <cscott@callawaycounty.org> 

Subject:  Hello 

Hello, 
|  am a  citizen  of Callaway  County  asking  for  a  moratorium  ordinance and  insist  that  our  county 
commissioners  deny  any and  all  types of tax  abatement to ANY data  center corporation. At the very 
least you  owe the  citizens  that you  serve a  real  chance to  ask very serious  questions  and  concerns. 
And,  no,  |  do  not  feel  what  Crusoeu  put on  was  any actual  real  explanation for their  unsavory actions. 
For example,  everyone, even  Crusoeu  and  sitting  County commissioners  seem  to  be  completely 
ignoring  the very  real  concerns  and  permanent damage that these  hyperscale  data  centers are already 
causing  in  other  locations  across the  country.  |  keep  asking  why  nobody will  discuss  the  severe 
repercussions that come  with the  use  of a  closed  loop  cooling  system?  Anytime  |  mention  PFAS 
chemicals  ( forever TOXIC  chemicals)  people  even  from Crusoeu  act  ignorant.  But the  PFAS chemicals 
are used  in  the  closed  loop cooling system.  So  if they truly understand  the system they're  discussing 
then they know the very  real  hazards. Just the  sound  damage  alone  is  very  concerning.  If the  county 
commissioners truly  have  nothing  to  hide then  please  setup  a  public  meeting  place where citizens  can 
voice  real questions  and  and  concerns.  If you're going  to sell  the county citizens  out and  permanently 
damage  air, sound,  land  and  drinking water for multiple generations then  just have the  common 
decency to tell  us to  our  faces  and  allow us to  ask why you  all  had  been  doing  this  in  secret? Would 
any  of you  told  us  county citizens of this  hyperscale  Ai  data  center  if it  had  not  gotten  leaked? Thank 
you  for your time 

Cassandra  Drinkwater 

