From: Cassandra  Drinkwater <kitcatbar1989@gmail.com> 

Sent:  Saturday, August  1,  2026  12:03  PM 

To: Gary Jungermann <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org>; Christopher Scott <cscott@callawaycounty.org> 

Subject:  Hello 

Hello, 
|  am  a  citizen  of Callaway  County asking  for  a  moratorium  ordinance  and  insist that our  county 
commissioners  deny any  and  all  types of tax  abatement to  ANY data  center corporation.  At the  very 
least  you  owe the  citizens that you  serve  a  real  chance to  ask very serious  questions  and  concerns. 
And,  no,  |  do  not feel what Crusoeu  put  on  was  any actual  real  explanation for their unsavory  actions. 
For  example, everyone,  even  Crusoeu  and  sitting  County commissioners  seem  to  be  completely 
ignoring  the very  real  concerns  and  permanent  damage that these  hyperscale  data  centers are  already 
causing  in  other  locations  across  the country.  |  keep  asking  why  nobody will  discuss  the  severe 
repercussions that  come with  the  use  of a  closed  loop  cooling  system? Anytime  |  mention  PFAS 
chemicals  (  forever TOXIC chemicals)  people  even from Crusoeu  act  ignorant.  But the  PFAS chemicals 
are used  in  the  closed  loop cooling  system.  So if they truly  understand  the  system  they're discussing 
then  they know the  very real  hazards. Just the  sound  damage  alone  is  very concerning.  If the  county 
commissioners truly  have  nothing  to  hide  then  please  setup  a  public  meeting  place where citizens  can 
voice  real  questions  and  and  concerns.  If you're going  to  sell  the  county citizens  out and  permanently 
damage  air, sound,  land  and  drinking  water for  multiple  generations then just have  the  common 
decency to  tell  us to  our faces  and  allow us  to  ask why you  all  had  been  doing  this  in  secret? Would 
any of you  told  us  county citizens  of this  hyperscale  Ai  data  center  if it  had  not  gotten  leaked?  Thank 
you  for your time 

Cassandra  Drinkwater 

