&®  Outlook 

Urgent concerns  regarding  proposed data  center  in  Callaway  County  MO 

From April  Backer  <april.backer75@gmail.com> 

Date  Mon  2026-05-25  6:11  PM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Dear Commissioner Warfield, 

tam a  resident  of rural  Callaway  County and  |  am 

writing  to formally express my opposition to  the 

proposed  data  center  project  in  Callaway County, 

unless  proper  protections for the  community are  in 

place. 

While  |  support economic development,  |  believe Al 

data  centers  and  similar business  projects  present 

significant  risks  to  our community that  must  be 

properly  mitigated. 

My concerns  include: 

1.  Environmental  Impact:  The  potential  for excessive 

water consumption  and  noise  pollution  from  cooling 

systems  and  generators. 

2.  Grid  Reliability:  The  immense  energy demands  could 

cause  utility rates  to  rise for  local  residents. 

3.  Land  Use:  This  project  does  not  align  with  the 

rural/residential character of our area,  disrupting 

agricultural  land  and  local  wildlife. 

While these facilities  provide tax  revenue, they are 

intense  industrial  users that require  careful  regulation 

to  be  "good neighbors".  At  a  minimum,  please 

consider the following when  evaluating  new 

proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller 

operations  to  meet  noise  limits  at  property  lines. 

*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in 

floodplains  or areas  with  high  water tables,  and 

regulating  water and  electric  usage  such  that  it  does 

not  impact the  availability or costs  of these  basic 
utilities  for the  citizens of the  surrounding 

communities. 

*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact of 

“heat domes"  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

At  minimum,  |  urge  the commission  to  institute  a 

moratorium  to  conduct a  comprehensive  impact study 

before  approving  any  such  project. 

Sincerely, 
April  Backer 

6850  County  Rd  116,  Fulton,  MO  65251 

