&  Outlook 

MAC County Courier  -  May 15,  2026 

From  David  Owen  <dowen@mocounties.com> 

Date  Fri  2026-05-15  9:06 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Missouri  Association  of  Counties 
Advocating  for  county governments  in  Missouri  since  1972 

The County Courier 

May  15,  2026 

Data  Center  Summit  SAVE  THE  DATE 
registration  is  open 
The Missouri  Association  of 
Counties,  along with  the Missouri 
Municipal  League  and  Missouri 
School  Boards Association,  is 
hosting a Data Center Summit on 

J une 7, 2026 

June  17  at Capital  Bluffs  Event 
Center in  Jefferson City. 

This event will be  limited to 300 
people. 

oe 

. 

Register  for the  event 

“Attendees must  be  members  of 

MMLMAGOPMSBA 
Gessnte by: 

pa 

; 
Partnership 

jssouriLocal  Leaders 
_ 

: 

@ Oc Bees... 

Center Requirements 

aliti 

i ere as eles oY 
Government 

«Impacts  on  Loca! 

A 

*  Legislation  and Legal 

< 
Considerations 

This event will cover: 

-  Understanding  Data 

We look forward to seeing you! 

cation 
esntiation  oy 

Get involved  with MAC  by joining a steering committee 
Help shape  legislative policy and  be  informed  on  emerging  issues  by getting involved 
with  one of MAC's six steering committees for the  upcoming  2026-2027 term. 

To be  considered  for  a  presidential appointment,  MAC  members  will  need  to  complete 

an  application  form  and  return  it  to  the MAC  ofÏce  by May  31,  2026.  Applications can 

be emailed  to info@mocounties.com  . 

If  you  have  already submitted an  application,  no  need  to  resubmit.  Presidential 
appointments to  the steering committees will  be  announced  before the end  of June. 

Steering  committee  members will  be  expected  to  meet  on  the  morning  of Tuesday, Aug. 
11  for  in-person  meetings  at Camden  on  the Lake  in  Lake  Ozark.  Breakfast  and  lunch 

will  be  served  for committee and  board  members  only.  Breakfast  will  be  served  at 8 

a.m.  with  the  steering committee  meetings  following at  10  a.m.  Lunch  will  follow the 

committee meetings. 

Committee  members  wishing  to  stay  Monday  night  for  dinner  and  hospitality will  need 

to  make  a  hotel  reservation  by  July  9.  Committee  members,  who  are  not  already  a 

member  of the  Board  of Directors,  will  be  responsible for their own  hotel 
accommodations.  More information will follow on  the  committee  meetings. 

The  application  can  be  found  on  the  association's web  page 

Missouri  News 

Lawsuit challenges Missouri  ballot  plan  to phase out 
income  tax,  expand  sales  tax 

A  lawsuit filed  Wednesday  seeks  to  knock  a  proposed  constitutional 

amendment  off Missouri’s 2026  ballot  that would  give  lawmakers 
new  power to  expand  sales  taxes  to  eliminate the  income  tax, 

arguing  legislators  bundled  too  many  subjects into  one  proposal  and 

wrote  misleading  ballot  language. 
The  lawsuit,  filed  in  Cole County Circuit  Court  by  attorney  Chuck 
Hatfield  on  behalf  of a  Missouri  resident,  challenges  a  proposed 

ballot  question  that  would  ask  voters  to  amend  the  Missouri 

Constitution  to  begin  phasing  out  the state  individual income  tax. 
Read  more 

Wide-reaching Missouri  election  bill  includes  changes  to  automatic  campaign  donations 

Candidates  in  Missouri  will  no  longer  be  able  to  collect  automatic  campaign  donations  without the  explicit 

permission  of  the  donor.  Read  more 

Industry experts,  consumer advocates  inform  Missouri  lawmakers  of  risks,  rewards in 

data  centers 
Every email,  like  and  click  is  physically stored somewhere.  It’s  not  in  a  mythical  cloud  up  in  the  sky.  It’s in 

a  data  center.  Read  more 

Multiple  ‘hyperscale’  data  centers  in  the works  around  KC.  What  that  means,  see  map 
As  data  center  projects  sprout  up  across  the  Kansas  City  metropolitan  area,  so  are  residents’  concerns 

over what  that  means  for their  health  and  natural  resources.  Read  more 

Central Missouri’s  Fitzgibbon  Hospital  files  bankruptcy,  highlighting growing strain  on 

rural  hospitals 

After years of economic strain,  central  Missouri’s  Fitzgibbon  Hospital  filed  for Chapter  11  bankruptcy 
protection  and  plans  to  sell  to  a  private  buyer. Read  more 

AG  Hanaway announces seizure of  35  illegal  gaming  machines 
Attorney  General Catherine  Hanaway was joined  Tuesday by  Columbia  Police  Chief Jill Schlude  during  a 
news  conference on  illegal gaming  machines.  Read  more 

Exit  interview:  Peggy McGaugh  reflects on  a  career of  rural  service 
Rep.  Peggy  McGaugh  sat  down with  the Missouri  Times for  a  reflective exit interview  as  she  prepares to 
conclude  her service in  the Missouri  House  after decades  representing  rural  Missouri  at  both  the  county 

and  state  levels.  Read  more 

Healthcare  bill expanding  maternal  care,  contraception  access  heads  to Missouri 

governor 
The  Missouri  House  gave  final  approval Thursday  to  a  wide-ranging  healthcare  bill expanding women’s  and 
maternal  health  coverage,  increasing  access  to telehealth  and  requiring  licensed  childcare  facilities  to 
maintain  allergy treatment  policies.  Read  more 

Missouri  senators vote  to  remove private  school voucher  program  from  treasurer’s ofÏce 
The  Missouri  Senate  on  Thursday voted  to  strip  oversight of  the  state’s  private  school voucher program 
from  State Treasurer Vivek Malek,  moving  it  to the  Department of  Elementary  and  Secondary Education. 

Read  more 

County  News 

Missouri  clerks  say they still  can’t  update  voter  rolls for 

new congressional  map 
Missouri  election  ofÏcials can’t  revise voter  rolls to  reflect the 
state’s gerrymandered  congressional  map  because  Secretary of 
State  Denny  Hoskins’  ofÏce  has  not  opened  the  statewide  voter 

registration  system  to  accept  the changes,  the  president  of 
Missouri’s county clerks  association  said  Thursday. 

Miller  County Clerk Clinton  Jenkins,  a  Republican who  serves  as 
president of the  Missouri  Association  of  County Clerks  and  Election 
Authorities,  said  he  and  every other county clerk and  election 

board  is  waiting on  Hoskins  on  how  to  proceed  amid  uncertainty 
over a  pending  referendum  petition.  Read  more 

Developer yanks plan  for  huge  Johnson  County  data  center  after  resident  backlash 
After  days of worrying that a  massive  data  center  might  be  her  new  next door  neighbor, Gardner  resident 
Kaela  Eisenbarger celebrated  the  fact  that  the  proposal will  no  longer  be  moving forward.  Read  more 

‘We  do  not  want this’:  Missouri  residents fight  back against  proposed Al  data  center  in 
Nodaway County 
Protesters gathered  at the  intersection  of  Belt  and  Frederick Avenue  in  early May,  rallying  against  a 
proposed Al  data  center they say  was  pushed  forward  with  little  to  no  transparency from  tocal elected 
ofÏcials.  Read  more 

Camden  County commissioners  reject  letter  of support for Opportunity Zone  designation 

Camden  County  commissioners voted  last  week to  deny signing  a  letter of support  for  a  proposed 

Opportunity  Zone designation  tied  to  large-scale  development efforts in  Camden  County.  Read  more 

Boone  County  Sheriff asks  commission  to  consider  adding  sales  tax to  ballot 

The  Boone  County  Commission  is  considering  adding a  sales  tax increase  to  the  future  ballot,  even as 
county  residents  might  have  to  vote on  tax  measures  from  both  the state and  the City of Columbia.  Read 

more 

Long  road  ahead  to cure Cole  County’s  assessment  ailments,  assessor  says  at  NT  forum 

It  will  take  more  than  one  reassessment  cycle  to  fix  Cole  County's  real  estate  assessment  woes,  Cole 

County Assessor  Tim Theroff said  last  week.  Read  more 

Ameren  gets  green  light for  Callaway  County  solar facility 

Ameren  Missouri  will move  forward  with  its  250  megawatt  solar  facility  in  Callaway County,  the  Missouri 
Public  Service Commission  decided  Wednesday.  Read  more 

Cape County  receives MAC  Trust safety award 
Cape Girardeau  County  received  special  recognition  at  the  state  level  during  last  week's  commission 
meeting  and  was  presented  with  the  2025  Risk Management  Safety Achievement Award.  Read  more 

HOW  M f 

Share your county's achievements  and  honors 
The Missouri  Association  of Counties  would  like you  to  Show Me  Your 
County. 

Show Me Your County is a chance for our counties to highlight a 

program,  initiative or  praise a  hard-working county employee who  has 
gone  above and  beyond  their duties  or  has  received  an  award. 

Counties  can  submit  a  500-word  or  less  description  of  the  program, 

initiative  or  employee,  along with  pictures  if applicable.  Those 

submissions  will  then  be  featured  on  MAC’s social  media  platforms  and 

in  the Missouri  County  Record  magazine. 

Submit  your  county  today 

May 
May  15  -  Session  Ends 
May  25  -  State  ofÏces closed/Memorial  Day 

June 
June 4 - MAC  HR Training Day  in  Jefferson  City 

June  17  - Missouri  Data  Center Summit  in  Jefferson  City 

June  19  - State  ofÏces closed/Juneteenth 

July 

July  3  - State ofÏces closed/Independence  Day  (observed) 
July  14  -  Last  day  for Governor to  veto  bills 

July  17-20  -  NACo Annual  Conference 

August 

NATIONAL 

asscanes  NTACo 
-_  =  Sa 

Aug.  4  -  OfÏcial  Election  Day 

Aug.  10-13  -  Sheriffs’  Summer  Conference 

Aug.  10-12  -  MAC  Summer  Board Meeting 
Aug.  28  -  Bills  become  law 
Aug.  31-Sept.  4 -  Clerks’/Election Authorities’ Annual  Conference 

Schedule of upcoming webinars for NACo members 

. 

NACo  host: 

0  hosts  several webinars for its  members  that  cover a  variety  of different 

i 

i 

i 

i 

topics  and  programs for county government ofÏcials and  their staff.  Learn 
about  the  upcoming  webinars  and  register to  attend. 

View the webinars  and  register 

NACo Annual  Conference in  New  Orleans,  July  17-20 
The  NACo Annual  Conference is  the  premier gathering  of elected  and 

appointed  ofÏcials  from  the  nation’s  3,069  counties,  parishes  and  boroughs. 
The conference will  include dozens of  committee  and  caucus  meetings, 

educational workshops,  general sessions  and  more.  Sessions  will  offer 
learning  and  best  practices on  the  full  range  of  county  responsibilities  and 

domestic  policy  issues.  NACo  membership  will  also elect  new  leadership  and 
set  the  organization's policy priorities during  the Annual  Business  Meeting. 

Register today 

NACo  member  running for  2nd  VP  is  offering Datacenter webinar 
Mike Turner, Vice  Chair of the  Loudoun  County,  VA Board  of Supervisors,  who 

also  serves  as  the  Chair of  both  the  National  Association  of  Counties  (NACo) 

and  the Virginia Association  of Counties  (VACo)  Environment and  Energy  Land 
Use  Committees  is offering  a  free 60-minute webinar titled,  “County  Lessons 
Learned  from  ‘Data  Center Alley,’ Loudoun  County,  VA.” 

Webinars  will  be  held  every Monday  at  3  p.m.  CDT and  Thursday at  2  p.m. 
CDT until  June  30 

Register  for  the  webinar 

Registration  is  now  open  for the  2026  NACo  Energy  Symposium 
Join  county  leaders from  across  the country  in  the  Texas  Panhandle  for  the 

2026  NACo  Energy  Symposium,  presented  by  the  Rural Action  Caucus  in 
partnership  with  the  NACo  Rural  Energy Academy.  Held  Sept.  23-25,  2026, 
this  event will offer  county ofÏcials  a  unique  opportunity  to  engage  with  the 

most  pressing energy  issues  shaping  county  land  use  decisions  today. 

Register  now 

BLUE  SHIELD 

PROGRAM 
Communities  Committed  to 
Public  Safety 

Bb 

Governor  Kehoe announces opportunity for  more Missouri 

communities to  earn  Blue  Shield  designation 
Governor Mike  Kehoe  announced  Missouri  counties,  towns,  and  cities can  now 
apply  to  be  recognized  as  Blue  Shield  communities  in  2026  for  their  dedication 
to  effective  law  enforcement  and  community safety. 

The Missouri  Department of  Public  Safety administers the  Blue  Shield  Program. 
Applications should  be  made  by  an  ofÏcial from  the jurisdictions seeking  the 

Blue  Shield  designation  in  coordination with  the jurisdiction’s  chief  law 
enforcement ofÏcer. 

Deadline  to  submit  is  June  1,  2026.  Applications  are  made  online,  and  all 
supporting  materials  can  be uploaded  here . 

Featured  Partner  -  Platinum 

MIKE KEITH INSURANCE, INC. 

THE  TEAM  OF  PROFESSIONAL 

Follow  us  on  Social  Media! 
Stay connected for  latest news and  updates 

008 

Missouri Association of Counties 

PO  Box 234 

Jefferson  City,  MO  65102-0234 

United  States 

573-634-2120  |  www.mocounties.com 

Sent from:  info@mocounties.com 

Unsubscribe 

