@&®  Outlook 

Letter of concern  regarding data  center 

From  Taeler Thompson  <littledixie93@gmail.com> 

Date  Thu  2026-05-28  1:26  PM 

To  —  gjungermnann@callawaycounty.org  <gjungermnann@callawaycounty.org>;  Christopher  Scott 

<cscott@callawaycounty.org>;  Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Dear Commissioners, 

|  am  a  resident of Auxvasse,  Callaway County, and  |  am  writing  to  formally express  my opposition  to 

the  proposed  data  center  project in  Callaway County,  unless  proper protections for the  community are 

in  place. 

While  |  support  economic  development,  |  believe Al  data  centers  and  similar  business  projects  present 

significant  risks to  our community that  must  be  properly  mitigated. 

My concerns,  like  many  others,  include: 

1,  Environmental  Impact:  The  potential  for excessive water consumption  and  noise  pollution  from 

cooling  systems  and  generators.  Not to  mention  the  potential  for  pollution  that  is  vehemently argued 
regardless  of  Big  Al's gaslighting  and  diminishing  circumstances where  this  has  occurred  despite 

promises  of a  “closed  loop”  system. 

2.  Grid  Reliability:  The  immense  energy demands  could  cause  utility  rates to  rise  for  local  residents. 

3.  Land  Use:  This  project does  not  align  with  the  rural/residential  character of our area,  disrupting 

agricultural  land  and  local  wildlife. 

While these facilities  provide tax  revenue  (or should  if proper provisions are  put  in  place  rather than 

abatements,  credits,  etc),  they are  intense  industrial  users  that  require careful  regulation  to  be  "good 

neighbors".  At  a  minimum,  please  consider the  following when  evaluating  new  proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller operations to  meet  noise  limits at  property lines. 

*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in  floodplains  or areas  with  high  water tables,  and 

regulating  water and  electric  usage  such  that  it does  not  impact  the availability or costs  of these  basic 

utilities  for the  citizens  of the  surrounding  communities. 

*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact  of "heat domes"  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

At  minimum,  |  urge  the  commission  to  institute  a  moratorium to  conduct a  comprehensive impact 

study before  approving  any  such  project. 

|  have  heard  of a  possibility of a public  meeting  being  floated  and  |  think that  would  be  an  excellent 

idea!  |  would  be  more  than  happy to  write  another  petition  for the  community as  |  did  concerning  “the 
kingdom  of callaway”  on  the justice building...  but with  the  lack  of information  available  it  is  difÏcult to 

understand what  may or  may  not  be  going  on  well  enough  to  write  a  petition.  Especially  as  a 

pregnant,  homeschooling  mom  of 4.  A  public  meeting  would  be  greatly appreciated  and |  sincerely 

hope you  hear from  more  of the  community or, at  a  minimum,  make  more  of an  effort to  keep them 

informed  about something  as  impactful  to  us  as  this would  be. 

Sincerely, 

Taeler Crowson 

