Gary Jungermann 

From: 
Sent: 
To: 

Ce: 
Subject: 

Heather Tazalla  <htazalla@crusoe.ai> 
Friday, July  17,  2026  5:46 PM 
Christopher Scott 

Conor  Bates-Janigo;  Curt Warfield; Gary Jungermann 
Re:  Post-Discussion questions from today 

Good  afternoon,  Commissioner  Scott.  Thank  you  for continuing to field the  public’s questions.  Please 
see answers below in red. 

Have a  nice weekend. 

Heather Tazalla 
htazalla@crusoe.ai  |  214-263-8388 

On  Fri,  Jul  17,  2026 at 12:01  PM  Christopher Scott <cscott@callawaycounty.org> wrote: 

Heather, Conor, 

|  had  a  good  discussion with  Danielle  Lawson  and Jennifer Love today (FB:  Callaway Data  Watch).  It was 

positive.  Danielle  expressed that the open  house  answered most of her questions.  She did say that she 
still has  some questions not answered  or feels that she  received answers that differed from what she felt 

like  she  heard  from  other community discussions. 

Below are a  couple topics on which  she said  she would  like  more  detail: 

1.  Site  studies 

a. 

She  asked  if there was a  "Heritage  Review"  being performed.  She  referenced the  MO  Dept. of 

Conservation.  Here  is a  link  to  their site. 

https://naturatheritagereview.mdc.mo.gov/ 
This  appears to  be  an  unofÏcial site  review that can be  performed  online to determine  if the area of 

interest contains any plant of animal species considered to  be a  “sensitive natural resource".  A full on- 

site  review may be  requested. Yes, we completed this  as  part of our site diligence. Nothing requiring 

further study was  noted /  no sensitive  natural resources. 

e  Will any of the  site  studies performed (environmental, geological,  etc)  be  made  public? We have 

completed all of these  reports (which  inform  both  our site design and our decision to  move forward at a 

given  site).  However, as we do not own the  underlying parcel, our ability to access and complete 

diligence on  the  site  is through  an  access agreement with  confidentiality provisions. We therefore are 

unable to  release these reports  publicly as  it would  put  us  in  breach of our confidentiality provisions. 

¢  Discharge of treated water 

a.  What type(s) of water will be discharged from the site? There are  2  waste  streams:  septic (only 

from  domestic sinks and toilets). This will be traditional spray or leach field.  Cooling 

system: Collection  and  offsite disposal. This does  not discharge to the  site,  itis collected. 

b. 

What is the expected discharge of the glycol-mix cooling  fluids?  What quantity?  What frequency? 
Most weeks,  the  glycol mix will be  0  gal discharge.  Our engineering lead  estimates that if  there  ever were 

repairs  requiring discharge  (possibly every few months),  there  may be  a  collection  of 500  -  2,000 gallons. 

This  really depends  on  operations and  maintenance  requirements. 

¢  How will discharged  fluids be treated?  Where will they be treated? 

The  cooling system fluids will be  collected  by vacuum  truck and  hauled  to  a  qualified  disposal facility ina 

nearby city. The  glycol  mix  will  never be  sent to  storm,  or  septic,  or  disposed  onsite  by any other means 

Thank you  for  your continued  cooperation. 

Christopher Scott 

Callaway  County  Commission 

Western  District 
10  East 5"  Street Fulton,  MO  65251 

573-642-0737  (OfÏce) 

573-418-4561  (Mobile) 

573-642-1032  (Fax) 
cscott@callaw: 

inty.o1 

Callaway County 

Celebrating  200  years  in the heart of Mid-Missouri 

