&®  Outlook 

MAC County Courier -  May 29,  2026 

From  David  Owen  <dowen@mocounties.com> 

Date  Fri  2026-05-29 9:06 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Missouri  Association  of  Counties 
Advocating  for  county  governments  in  Missouri  since  1972 

The County Courier 

May 29,  2026 

Data  Center  Summit  SAVE  THE  DATE 
registration  is  open 
The Missouri Association  of 
Counties,  along with  the Missouri 
Municipal  League and  Missouri 

School  Boards Association,  is 

hosting a Data Center Summit on 
June 17  at Capital  Bluffs  Event 
Center in Jefferson City. 

Seats  are  limited  _so  register for 
the even 

une 17, 2026 

*attendees  must be  members of 
MML,  MAC or MSBA. 
Presented by: 
MisaouriLocal Leaders Partnership 

ms 

seounsorooe 

Tost  sstseatnon 

This event will cover: 
: 
: va Gre  Ragubarients 

di 

°Ui 

ies  and  Energy 

*  Impacts on  Local 

Government 

We look forward to seeing you! 

Deadline May_31:  Get your  steering committee 

application  in  now 
The  deadline  to  submit  your application  for a  presidential  appointment to one 

of  the  MAC's  steering  committees for the  2026-2027  term  is  this  weekend. 

Get your  application  in  now! 

To be  considered  for an  appointment,  you  will  need  to complete  an 
application  form  and  return  it  by May  31,  2026. Applications can  be emailed 
to  info@mocounties.com  . 

If  you  are  appointed  to  a  steering committee,  in-person  meetings will  be  held 

on  Aug.  11  as  part of MAC’s Summer  Board  retreat at  Camden  on  the  Lake. 

Appointments  are  expected  to  be  announced  in  the  middle of June. 
Committee  terms  run  from  July 1-June  30. 

The  application  can  be  found  on  the  association's web  page 

Missouri  News 

Missouri  governor  places  tax overhaul,  initiative  petition  limits 
on August ballot 
Gov.  Mike  Kehoe  will  ask Missouri  voters  in  August  to  decide whether 

lawmakers  should  have  new  power  to  expand  sales  taxes to  replace  the 
income  tax  and  whether  citizen-led  constitutional  amendments  should  face  a 
higher  bar  for  passage. 

Kehoe  moved  four  proposed  constitutional  amendments  to  the Aug.  4 
primary  ballot:  Amendment  1,  renewing a  sales  tax  for  state  parks  and  soil 

conservation;  Amendment  2,  requiring direct election  of county assessors; 
Amendment  4,  changing  the  threshold  for  constitutional  amendments 

proposed  by initiative  petition;  and Amendment  5,  authorizing  lawmakers  to 
expand  sales  taxes  as  part of an  effort to  eliminate the state  income  tax. 

In  a  statement  Friday,  Kehoe  defended  the August  timing  on  Amendment  5  by 
pointing  to  the  work  lawmakers  would  face  if it  passes. 

“Modernizing  Missouri’s  outdated  tax code,  specifically,  will  be  a  momentous 
task  for  the  Missouri  General Assembly,  and  placing  the  measure  to  phase  out 
Missouri’s  income  tax on  the August  ballot gives  lawmakers  additional  time 
to  prepare for the next  phase  of  implementation,”  Kehoe  said.  Read  more 

What you  need  to  know about the Missouri  Legislature’s bills  passed,  not  passed  this 
session 
Another  chapter of the  Missouri  Legislature  has  closed.  State  lawmakers  have  completed  the second 
session  of the  103rd  General Assembly  in  Jefferson  City.  Read  more 

Missouri  bill  aims to  make  it easier  to  dismiss  lawsuits  that  punish  public  criticism 

A Missouri  bill awaiting action  from  Gov.  Mike  Kehoe  would  give judges  broader power to quickly  dismiss 
lawsuits  designed  to  chill speech,  replacing what  supporters  have  long  described  as  among  the  weakest 

anti-SLAPP  laws  in  the  country.  Read  more 

No  plans  to suspend  Missouri  gas  tax,  governor  signals 
Despite  concerns  over  rising  fuel  prices,  Missouri  does  not  have  any  plans  to  suspend  the state’s gas  tax, 

according  to  the  governor’s  ofÏce.  Read  more 

Missouri  Supreme  Court  rejects challenge to governor’s  power to  call  special  sessions 

The Missouri  Supreme  Court  on  Wednesday  upheld  a  governor’s  power to  call  lawmakers  into  a  special 

session  at any time,  ending  the  last  lawsuit intended  to  overturn  the  state’s  newly gerrymandered 
congressional  map  without  a  statewide vote.  Read  more 

Rural  hospitals warn  $50B in  grant  funding won’t offset  looming federal cuts 
Rural  hospitals  in  Missouri  say  a  $50  billion  federal  investment  in  rural  healthcare  will  be  insufÏcient  in 
offsetting  upcoming  reductions in  federal Medicaid  reimbursement  that will  put  additional  strain  on 

already  fragile  rural  healthcare systems  across the  state.  Read  more 

Missouri  lawmakers  fail  to  pass Al  regulations  during  2026  legislative  session 
It’s  been  a  little over one  week since Missouri’s  lawmakers  called  it quits  for  the  year, but  that  doesn’t 

mean  they’re all  happy with  what was  accomplished,  or  what was  not accomplished.  Read  more 

County  News 

Google  data  center plan  raises  tax,  transparency 

questions in  rural Missouri 
A$5  million  federal  pandemic  recovery grant  helped  Montgomery 

County  prepare a  rural  industrial  site  along  Interstate  70  for  major 

development.  Two years  later, Amazon  and  Google  are  building  data 

centers on  nearly  2,000  acres  near  New  Florence  —  and  local 

ofÏcials  are  preparing  to offer  Google  a  70%  personal  property tax 

abatement. 

Google  announced  last week that it will  invest  $15  billion  in  a  data 

center south  of  the  highway,  joining an  Amazon  Data  Services 

project  already  underway  north  of I-70.  Supporters  say the  projects 

will  bring  construction  jobs,  permanent  positions  and  millions  in 

annual  tax  revenue  to  a  county where  many  residents  commute 

east for work.  Read  more 

Moniteau  County  to  put  regulations  on  data  centers 
The Moniteau  County  Commission  wants  to  get  ahead  of  the  data center issue.  Read  more 

‘Nodaway Says  No’:  Residents  attend  meeting to  discuss  proposed Al  Data  Center 
Over  a  hundred  residents gathered  in  Nodaway  County  to  learn  more  about  a  proposed  hyperscale Al  data 

center, with  concerns ranging  from  cattle  health,  soil  contamination,  waste,  health  impacts  and  more. 
Read  more 

Boone  County Commission  votes to  put  jail  sales  tax  on  November ballot 

The  Boone  County  Commission  on  Tuesday voted  unanimously  to  put  a  3/8-cent  sales  tax on  the  November 
ballot.  Read more 

Local  group  looks to  make  Cole  County  ‘workforce ready’ 
A group of  locals  have  committed  to tackling  challenges to employment in  Cole  County,  aiming  to  help the 
area  become  “a workforce-ready community.”  Read  more 

Share your county's  achievements  and  honors 
The Missouri  Association  of Counties would  like you  to  Show Me  Your 
County. 

Show Me  Your County  is  a  chance  for our counties  to highlight  a 
program,  initiative or  praise  a  hard-working county employee  who  has 
gone  above  and  beyond  their duties  or  has  received  an  award. 

Counties  can  submit a  500-word  or  less  description  of the  program, 
initiative  or  employee,  along  with  pictures if applicable.  Those 
submissions  will  then  be  featured  on  MAC’s social  media  platforms  and 
in  the Missouri  County  Record  magazine. 

Submit  your  county today 

SHOW WE 

June 
June 4  -  MAC  HR  Training Day  in  Jefferson  City 
June  17  -  Missouri  Data  Center Summit in  Jefferson  City 

June  19  -  State ofÏces closed/Juneteenth 

July 
July 3  -  State ofÏces  closed/Independence  Day  (observed) 
July 14  -  Last day for Governor to  veto  bills 
July 17-20  -  NACo Annual  Conference 

August 
Aug.  4  -  OfÏcial  Election  Day 

Aug.  10-13  -  Sheriffs’  Summer  Conference 

Aug.  10-12  -  MAC  Summer  Board  Meeting 
Aug.  28  -  Bills  become  law 
Aug.  31-Sept.  4 -  Clerks’/Election Authorities’ Annual  Conference 

Schedule  of  upcoming webinars for  NACo  members 
NACo  hosts  several webinars for its  members that cover a variety of different 
topics and  programs for  county government ofÏcials and  their staff.  Learn 
about the  upcoming  webinars  and  register to  attend. 

NATIONAL, 

-B88NACo 
COUNTIES 
= eer 

View  the  webinars  and  register 

Boone  County featured  in  a  NACo  webinar, “County  strategies  to 
support  mental  health  and  wellbeing across the  lifespan” 
Counties  are  on  the front  lines  of supporting  mental  health  and  wellbeing— 
not only  through  clinical  services,  but  by shaping  the  programs,  partnerships 
and  community conditions  that  help  residents  thrive.  NACo  and  the  Healthy 
Counties  Innovation  Council  hosted  a  webinar  exploring  how counties  are 
supporting  mental  health  across  the  lifespan.  This  session  highlighted 
practical,  county-led  approaches from  Waukesha  County,  Wis.,  Clarendon 
County,  $.C.,  and  Boone  County,  Mo 

View the  webinar 

NACo Annual  Conference in  New Orleans,  July  17-20 
The  NACo Annual Conference  is  the  premier gathering of elected  and 
appointed  ofÏcials  from  the  nation’s 3,069  counties,  parishes  and  boroughs. 
The conference  will  include  dozens  of committee  and  caucus  meetings, 
educational workshops,  general sessions  and  more.  Sessions will  offer 
learning  and  best  practices  on  the  full  range  of  county  responsibilities  and 
domestic  policy  issues.  NACo  membership will  also elect  new  leadership  and 
set  the  organization's policy  priorities  during  the Annual  Business  Meeting. 

Register  today 

NACo  member  running for  2nd VP  is  offering  Datacenter webinar 
Mike Turner, Vice Chair of the  Loudoun  County,  VA Board  of Supervisors,  who 
also  serves  as  the  Chair  of  both  the  National Association  of Counties  (NACo) 
and  the  Virginia Association of Counties  (VACo)  Environment and  Energy  Land 
Use Committees  is  offering  a  free 60-minute webinar titled,  “County  Lessons 
Learned  from  ‘Data Center Alley,’ Loudoun  County,  VA.” 

Webinars will  be  held  every Monday  at  3  p.m.  CDT and  Thursday at  2  p.m. 
CDT until  June  30 

Register for the  webinar 

Registration  is  now  open  for the  2026  NACo  Energy Symposium 
Join  county  leaders  from  across the  country  in  the  Texas Panhandle  for the 
2026  NACo  Energy Symposium,  presented  by the  Rural Action  Caucus  in 
partnership with  the NACo  Rural  Energy Academy.  Held  Sept.  23-25,  2026, 
this  event will offer county  ofÏcials  a  unique opportunity to  engage  with  the 
most  pressing energy  issues  shaping  county  land  use  decisions  today. 

Register  now 

Featured  Partner  -  Platinum 

= AT&T 

Follow  us  on  Social  Media! 
Stay connected  for  latest  news  and  updates 

006 

Missouri Association of Counties 

PO  Box  234 

Jefferson  City,  MO  65102-0234 

United  States 

573-634-2120  |  www.mocounties.com 

Sent from:  info@mocounties.com 

Unsubscribe 

