&®  Outlook 

Data  centers 

From  pgswood  <pgswood@ktis.net> 

Date  Mon  2026-05-25  9:08 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Dear  Commissioner Mr. Warfield, 

lam a  resident of Mokane  Mo  and  |  am  writing  to formally express  my  opposition  to  the 

proposed  data  center  project  in  Callaway County. 

While  |  support economic  development,  |  believe  Al  data  centers  and  similar  business  projects 

present significant risks  to  our  community that  must  be  properly mitigated. 

xx large  data  center can  actually use  as  3  times as  much  power as  the  Callaway  Plant 

produces.  Even  a  small  plant  using  half the  Callaway  Plant's  production  is  not sustainable,  not 

for us  or the  country as  a  whole.  Electric  rates  won't only rise,  there will  be  places  taking 
blackouts.  With  another coal  plant coming  down when  it's  liscense  is  up,  which  is  happening  as 

early as  2031.  Our power grid  is  already  in jeopardy. This  cannot  be  made  up  with  solar. To put 

this  in  perspective  it  would  take  11,500  acres  of solar panels  to  replace the amount  of power 

Callaway  produces.  So  these  company's  saying  they'll  use  solar to  offset their massive power 
usage  is  not feasible.  Then  if you  read  the water table  issues  that  other  areas  have  had,  this 

becomes  quite  scary.****** 

My  concerns  include: 

1.  Environmental  Impact:  The  potential  for excessive water  consumption  and  noise  pollution 

from  cooling  systems  and  generators. 

2.  Grid  Reliability:  The  immense  energy demands  could  cause  utility  rates to  rise  for  local 

residents. 

3.  Land  Use:  This  project does  not align with  the  rural/residential  character of our area, 

disrupting  agricultural  land  and  local  wildlife. 

While these facilities  provide tax revenue,  they are  intense  industrial  users that  require careful 

regulation  to  be  "good  neighbors".  At a  minimum,  please  consider the following  when 

evaluating  new  proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller operations to  meet  noise  limits at  property 

lines. 

*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in  floodplains or areas with  high  water tables, 
and  regulating water and  electric  usage  such  that  it  does  not  impact the availability  or costs of 

these  basic  utilities  for  the  citizens  of the  surrounding  communities. 

*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact of "heat  domes"  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

At  minimum,  |  urge the  commission  to  institute  a  moratorium to conduct a  comprehensive 
impact  study  before  approving  any  such  project. 

Sincerely, 

Patti  Wood 

Mokane  Mo 

