Gary Jungermann 

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 

Hi  Gary, 

Mark  Brady  <MBrady@Polsinelli.com> 
Friday, January 23,  2026 3:27  PM 
Gary Jungermann 
RE:  Potential  Project in  Callaway County 

Thanks for the follow up!  I  have reached out to the development team to learn their availability and will follow back 
up  with you. 

Have a  great weekend  and  stay safe and warm with this winter storm  blowing through. 

Mark 

Mark  Brady 
Shareholder 

mbrady@polsinelli.com 
314.889.7077 
7676  Forsyth  Boulevard 
Suite  800 

St.  Louis,  MO  63105 

From: Gary Jungermann <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org> 
Sent: Thursday, January 22,  2026  4:14  PM 
To: Mark Brady <MBrady@Polsinelli.com> 
Subject:  RE:  Potential  Project in  Callaway County 

ESqEUEEET  gjungermann@callawaycounty.org 

Mark, 
I’ve check our calendar for  next week and  it looks like next Wednesday 

January 28" would work for us. We would  prefer sometime before lunch. 

Thanks, 

Gary  Jungermann 
Callaway County Commission 

From:  Mark  Brady <MBrady@Polsinelli.com> 

Sent:  Friday, January  16,  2026 4:01  PM 
To: Gary Jungermann <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org> 
Subject: Potential Project in  Callaway County 

Hi Gary, 

By way of  reintroduction, this is Mark Brady and  |  have  been working with  Ranger  Power on their  solar projects in 

the  County.  |  hope all is well.  |  left  a  message a  couple of days ago about setting up a  meeting to  discuss a 

potential different project in the  County and  am  checking to learn your availability. The  development team will be 

in town next week and  could  meet  as  early as  next Tuesday or Wednesday. If those days  do  not work, we would 

also like to know your availability over the  next few weeks  and  we can set something  up.  Don’t hesitate to  call my 

cell phone  if easier. 314-240-3189. 

Thanks and  |  hope you  have a  good  weekend. 

Mark 

Mark  Brady 
Shareholder 

mbrady@polsinelli.com 
314.889.7077 
7676  Forsyth  Boulevard 
Suite 800 
St.  Louis,  MO 63105 

This  electronic mail  message  contains  CONFIDENTIAL  information  which  is  (a) ATTORNEY - CLIENT  PRIVILEGED 
COMMUNICATION, WORK PRODUCT, PROPRIETARY IN  NATURE,  OR OTHERWISE PROTECTED  BY LAW FROM 
DISCLOSURE,  and  (b)  intended  only for the  use  of the  Addressee(s)  named  herein.  If you  are  not  an  Addressee,  or the 
person  responsible  for delivering  this  to  an  Addressee,  you  are  hereby notified  that  reading,  copying,  or  distributing this 

message  is  prohibited.  If you  have  received  this  electronic mail  message  in  error, please  reply  to the  sender  and take the 

steps  necessary to delete the  message  completely from  your computer system. 

