&®  Outlook 

Urgent:  please  hault any progress of data  centers  in  Callaway County 

From Amanda  Kerr  <amandakerr_music@yahoo.com> 

Date  Mon  2026-05-18  11:06 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Dear Commissioner Warfield, 

lama 

15  year resident of Fulton  and  |  am  writing  to  formally  express  my  opposition to the  proposed 

data  center  project  in  Callaway County, unless  proper  protections  for the community are  in  place. 

While  |  support  economic  development,  |  believe Al  data  centers  and  similar  business  projects present 

significant  risks  to  our community that  must  be  properly  mitigated. 

My  concerns  include: 

1.  Environmental  Impact:  The  potential  for  excessive water consumption  and  noise  pollution  from  cooling 

systems  and  generators. 

2.  Grid  Reliability:  The  immense  energy demands  could  cause  utility  rates  to  rise  for  local  residents. 

3.  Land  Use: This  project does  not align  with the  rural/residential character  of our  area,  disrupting 

agricultural  land  and  local wildlife. 

While these facilities  provide tax  revenue, they are  intense industrial  users that  require careful  regulation 

to  be  "good  neighbors".  At  a  minimum,  please  consider the following  when  evaluating  new  proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller operations to  meet  noise  limits  at  property  lines. 

*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in  floodplains or areas with  high  water tables,  and 

regulating  water and  electric  usage  such  that  it  does  not  impact the availability or  costs  of these  basic 

utilities for the  citizens  of the  surrounding  communities. 

*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact of "heat domes"  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

At  minimum,  |  urge the commission  to  institute  a  moratorium to  conduct a  comprehensive  impact  study 

before  approving  any such  project. 

Mr. Warfield,  |  have  children  to think  about  not to  mention  those that are  health  compromised and 

elderly.  |  am  implore  you  to  stop  this.  Please  listen  to your constituents. 

Sincerely, 

Amanda  Mae  Kerr 

51  Bartley  Lane 

Fulton,  Missouri 

amandakerr_music@yahoo.com 

870-390-0866 

