@&®  Outlook 

MAC County Courier - June 12,  2026 

From  David  Owen  <dowen@mocounties.com> 

Date  Fri  2026-06-12 9:07 AM 

To 

Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Missouri  Association  of  Counties 
Advocating  for  county governments  in  Missouri  since  1972 

The County Couner 

June  12,  2026 

Missouri  News 

Missouri  school  funding overhaul  runs  into a 
property assessment  problem 
Problems with  how Missouri  counties assess  real estate  are 
complicating  an  effort  to  update the formula  that 
determines  state  aid  for public  schools. 

In  a  meeting  last week,  the Missouri  School  Funding 
Modernization Task Force discussed  how  an  updated 
formula  could  factor in  local  property taxes as real estate 
valuations struggle to keep  up  with  inflation. 

“Property values and  property taxes have  been  used  to 
fund  schools,  in  part,  because of the  stability of  it,” said 
Kari  Monsees,  the state education  department’s former 
finance  chief  and  task force facilitator. “Stability is  an 
attribute for it,  and  now it has destabilized,  at least in  the 
short term.”  Read  more 

Missouri  auditor warns deep budget cuts loom  as  surplus  nears end 

Missouri  is  about to  exhaust  the surplus  lawmakers  relied  on  to  balance the  state  budget,  and  elected 
ofÏcials are  going  to  have  to  make  deep  cuts  to  align  spending  with  revenue,  State Auditor  Scott 

Fitzpatrick said  in  a  report  released  Wednesday.  Read  more 

Missouri  higher  education  ofÏcials feel  pressure to  overhaul  funding formula 
The  Missouri  Department  of  Higher  Education  and  Workforce  Development  has  until  Dec.  1  to craft  a  new 

formula  for distributing  state aid  among  public colleges  and  universities  —  or  risk  lawmakers  creating 

their own  plan  that  “institutions  quite  likely will  not  like,” the state’s  higher  education  commissioner said 
Wednesday.  Read  more 

Missouri  courts  keep  rewriting ballot  language  as  fights  over direct democracy intensify 

As  Missouri  secretary of state,  Denny  Hoskins  is  often  responsible for  reducing complicated  ballot 
measures  to  a  few sentences voters  can  understand.  Read  more 

Missouri  Supreme  Court declines to  hear appeal  over Amendment  5  ballot  summary 
The Missouri  Supreme  Court  refused Monday  to  hear  a  last-minute  appeal filed  by  proponents of a 

measure to  repeal  the  state income tax seeking  to  revise the summary voters  will  see  on  the Aug.  4 
ballot.  Read  more 

‘They’re already here’:  Regulating  data  centers  stalls in  Missouri 
The  rapid expansion  of  hyperscale data  centers  is  far outstripping efforts  to  regulate  them  in  Missouri  and 
other  states.  Read  more 

Missouri  Realtors  pour  $1.9  million  into  campaign  to  defeat Amendment  5  tax plan 
The Missouri  Association  of  Realtors  donated  $1.9  million  to the  campaign  opposing Amendment  5  on 
Tuesday,  escalating  the  fight  over  a  proposed  constitutional  amendment  that would  create  a  pathway for 
lawmakers  to  eliminate  the state  income  tax  through  expanded  or  increased  sales  taxes.  Read  more 

Missouri  Realtors  spend  $2  million  to fight Amendment  4  limits on  citizen  initiative 
petitions 
The Missouri  Association  of  Realtors  donated  $2  million  Monday to defeat Amendment 4,  pouring  new 
money into a  fight over citizen-led  ballot  initiatives just  days  after spending  nearly  the  same  amount  to 
oppose  a  separate  tax overhaul  on  Missouri’s Aug.  4  ballot.  Read  more 

Montgomery County  approves a  tax  incentive  package for 
Google  data  center 
The Montgomery  County  Commission  unanimously  approved  a  tax 

incentive  package  Monday  for  Google's  proposed  $15  billion  data 
center, despite ongoing  concerns  from  residents  about  how  the 

huge  data  center  could  have  negative effects  on  the  county. 

According to cost/benefit analysis  documents,  the  deal is  much 
bigger  than the  $15  billion  figure  previously announced.  Google 
could  invest  as  much  as  $87.5  billion  in  equipment over the  life of 
the  project,  with  an  initial  phase of roughly  $24.5  billion  in 
equipment  and  $13.4  billion  in  real property improvements 

between  2026  and  2029.  Read  more 

Vandalized  street signs  in  Jefferson  County  raise concerns for MoDOT 
The Missouri  Department of Transportation  has  seen  an  increase in  vandalized  road  signs  in  Jefferson 
County that ofÏcials say  pose  “immediate  and  serious  safety  risks  for all  roadway  users.”  Read  more 

Franklin  County silences  public  comment after heated  meetings 
Tension is  rising  in  Franklin  County  after commissioners suspended  public comment  at  their meetings, 
drawing criticism  from  residents and a  fellow elected  ofÏcial.  Read  more 

Data  centers are toxic in  KC  politics.  Here’s what MO  lawmakers are —  or  aren’t —  doing 
Missouri  lawmakers  didn’t pass any  new  regulations  on  data centers  this year, maintaining  a  status  quo of 
local  decisions that  frequently draw  protests from  nearby  residents.  Read  more 

Area  legislators field  questions  on  schools,  taxes in  aftermath of legislative  session 
More  than  two  dozen  area  residents  came to  Wright  City  City  Hall  Wednesday,  June  3  to  get  the 
opportunity to  ask questions  of Missouri  state  Sen.  Ben  Brown  and  Rep.  Jeff Myers following the  end  of 
the  recent  legislative  session.  Read  more 

Perry County  moves forward with senior  property tax  relief program after voter approval 
Perry  County ofÏcials  are continuing  work  to  implement  a  new  Senior  Property Tax Relief  Program  after 
voters  overwhelmingly approved the  measure in April.  Read  more 

Cole  County  sheriff proposes sales tax  increase:  ‘We  are at  a tipping point’ 
The  Cole  County Sheriff's  Department  has  proposed  a  temporary sales  tax increase to  fund  an  expansion 
to  the county jail,  support  employee salaries  and  cover other expenses for the department.  Read  more 

i  (OW 

{ 

Share your county's  achievements and  honors 
The Missouri Association  of Counties would  like  you  to  Show Me  Your 
County. 

Show Me Your County is a chance for our counties to highlight a 

program,  initiative or  praise  a  hard-working county employee who  has 
gone above and  beyond  their duties or  has  received  an  award. 

Counties  can  submit  a  500-word  or  less  description  of the  program, 
initiative or employee,  along  with  pictures  if applicable.  Those 
submissions  will  then  be  featured  on  MAC’s social  media  platforms  and 
in  the Missouri  County  Record  magazine. 

Submit your county today 

June 
June  17  - Missouri  Data  Center Summit in  Jefferson  City 
June  19  -  State  ofÏces  closed/Juneteenth 

July 
July 3  - State  ofÏces closed/Independence  Day  (observed) 
July 14  -  Last day for  Governor to  veto bills 
July 17-20  -  NACo Annual  Conference 

August 

Aug.  4  -  OfÏcial  Election  Day 

Aug.  10-13  -  Sheriffs’  Summer  Conference 
Aug.  10-12  -  MAC  Summer  Board  Meeting 
Aug.  28  -  Bills  become  law 
Aug.  31-Sept.  4  -  Clerks’/Election Authorities’ Annual  Conference 

Schedule of upcoming webinars for  NACo  members 
NACo  hosts  several webinars  for its  members that  cover a  variety of different 
topics  and  programs for county government ofÏcials  and  their staff.  Learn 
about  the  upcoming webinars and  register to  attend. 

cision  NT  A  (  ) 

ASSOCIATION 
& COUNTIES 

= 

View  the  webinars  and  register 

NACo Annual  Conference in  New  Orleans,  July  17-20 
The  NACo Annual Conference  is  the  premier  gathering of elected  and 
appointed  ofÏcials from  the  nation’s 3,069  counties,  parishes  and  boroughs. 
The  conference  will  include  dozens  of  committee  and  caucus  meetings, 
educational workshops,  general  sessions  and  more.  Sessions  will  offer 
learning and  best  practices on  the  full  range of county  responsibilities  and 
domestic  policy issues.  NACo  membership will  also  elect  new  leadership  and 

set  the organization's  policy  priorities  during  the Annual  Business  Meeting. 

Register today 

NACo  member  running for  2nd  VP  is  offering  Datacenter webinar 
Mike Turner, Vice  Chair of  the  Loudoun  County,  VA Board  of Supervisors,  who 
also serves  as  the  Chair of both  the  National Association of Counties  (NACo) 
and  the Virginia Association  of Counties  (VACo)  Environment  and  Energy  Land 
Use  Committees  is  offering a  free  60-minute  webinar titled,  “County  Lessons 
Learned  from  ‘Data  Center Alley,’  Loudoun  County,  VA.” 

Webinars will  be  held  every Monday  at  3  p.m.  CDT and  Thursday  at  2  p.m. 
CDT  until June  30 

Register for  the  webinar 

Registration  is  now  open  for the  2026  NACo  Energy  Symposium 
Join  county  leaders from  across  the country  in  the Texas  Panhandle  for the 
2026  NACo  Energy Symposium,  presented  by  the  Rural Action  Caucus  in 
partnership with  the  NACo  Rural  Energy Academy.  Held  Sept.  23-25,  2026, 
this event  will  offer county ofÏcials  a  unique  opportunity to  engage  with  the 
most  pressing  energy issues shaping county  land  use  decisions  today. 

Register  now 

Featured  Partner  -  Gold 

OLLIS /AKERS /ARNEY 

TAN  INSURANCE  &  BUSINESS  ADVISORS 

PROTECTING  TOMORROW...TODAY. 

Follow us  on  Social Media! 
Stay connected  for  latest  news  and  updates 

00 

Missouri Association of Counties 

PO  Box  234 

Jefferson  City,  MO  65102-0234 

United  States 

573-634-2120  |  www.mocounties.com 

Sent from:  info@mocounties.com 

Unsubscribe 

