&®  Outlook 

Re:  Urgent Concerns  Regarding  Proposed  Data  Center  in  Callaway County  MO 

From  Christopher Scott  <cscott@callawaycounty.org> 

Date  Fri  5/15/2026  11:10  AM 

To  =  Caryne  Gordon  <carynebowyer@gmail.com> 

Caryne, 
As your Western  District Commissioner, |  appreciate your email  expressing your concerns  over the data 
center discussions  in  Callaway  County.  Your passion  was clearly  communicated  through  your email. 

While  |  work to stay  educated  on  current topics  as  your County  leader, |  always wish  to temper the 
industry chatter with  local  input.  The  data  center topic  is  one of the  latest -  and  one of the  loudest - 
topics  being discussed  today  in  Callaway County and  in  our  neighboring counties. 

As your elected  commissioners, we are tasked  with  making the  best of the  situation.  However, we will 

enter the county into  a  great deal  of legal  jeopardy with  any attempt  to  limit who and  what business can 
be  conducted  in  our county. 

|  do greatly appreciate your  list  of suggested  considerations including  noise  abatement,  environmental 
protection,  and thermal  pollution. 

|  appreciate you  taking the time to  send your email.  Please  know that you  have  been  heard.  If you 
would  like  to discuss further, |  would  welcome either a  telephone  discussion  or an  in-person  chat.  My 

contact  info  is  all  available  in  the  email  signature  below. 

Christopher  Scott 

Callaway  County  Commission 
Western  District 
10  East 5""  Street Fulton,  MO  65251 
573-642-0737  (OfÏce) 
573-418-4561  (Mobile) 
573-642-1032  (Fax) 
cscott@callawaycounty.org 

Callaway County 

Celebrating  209  years  in the heart of Mid  Missouri 

From: Caryne  Gordon <carynebowyer@gmail.com> 

Sent:  Friday, May  15,  2026  10:37 AM 

To: Christopher Scott <cscott@callawaycounty.org> 

Subject: Urgent Concerns  Regarding Proposed  Data  Center  in  Callaway County  MO 

Dear Christopher Scott, 

lam a  resident of Fulton  and  |  am  writing  to  formally express  my opposition  to  the  proposed  data 

center project  in  Callaway  County. 

While  |  support economic  development,  |  believe this  specific  project  poses  significant  risks to  our 

community. 

My concerns  include: 
1.  Environmental  Impact:  The potential for excessive water consumption  and  noise  pollution from 
cooling  systems  and  generators. 
2.  Grid  Reliability: The  immense energy demands  could  cause  utility  rates to  rise for local  residents. 
3.  Land  Use:  This  project does  not  align  with  the  rural/residential character of our area,  disrupting 
agricultural  land  and  local  wildlife. 

While these  facilities  provide tax  revenue, they are  intense  industrial  users that  require careful 
regulation to  be  "good  neighbors".  At  a  minimum,  please  consider the following when  evaluating  new 

proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller operations to  meet  noise  limits  at  property lines. 
*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in  floodplains  or areas with  high  water tables,  and 
regulating  water and  electric  usage  such  that  it does  not  impact the  availability  or costs  of these  basic 
utilities  for the  citizens  of the  surrounding  communities. 
*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact of "heat  domes"  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

|  urge the commission  to  reject this  proposal  or, at  minimum,  institute  a  moratorium to  conduct a 

comprehensive  impact study. 

Sincerely, 

Caryne  Gordon 
7471  state  road  z,  Fulton,  MO  65251 

