&®@  Outlook 

Urgent  Concerns  Regarding  Proposed  Data  Center in  Callaway County 

From  Darien  McFadden  <darien.amazoncontact@gmail.com> 

Date  Mon  2026-05-18  10:27 AM 

To 

Curt  Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Dear Commissioner Warfield, 

My  name  is  Darien  McFadden,  I'm a  resident of Fulton,  Missouri.  |  am writing  to  formally  express  my 

opposition  to  the  proposed  data  center  project  in  Callaway County. 

Callaway  County  is  one  of the  most  beautiful  places  in  our state.  We are  rich  with  history  in  our soil. 

We  have  been  ranked  one  of the  best  places  to  live  in  Missouri  numerous  times  the  past  decade, 

partially  because  of our wonderful  enviornment  and  the  people that  help  keep  it  beautiful. 

The  evniormental  concerns  of these  Data  Centers  is  astronomical.  |  ask of you  to  please  look  into  how 

the  land  and  people  have  been  suffering  in  areas that  have  been  taken  over by these  centers  like  in 

Ohio,  where the  Ohio  River  Protection Agency  immediately  raised  concerns  about the  chemicals  found 

in  their waters  from  the  “closed  loop"  systems. 

They're now fighting  with  the  EPA after the  EPA proposed  lowering  their  standards  to  accommodate  & 

proposed that the  centers  begin  dumping  the wastewater into  local  streams  and  lakes. 

(You  can  look  into  their  local  news  station  614Now to  find  articles  pertaining  to  their  struggle) 

It  would  be  dreadful  for our beautiful  county to  be  ruined  in  this  way. 

Among  the  enviornmental  concerns,  |  know |  share  concerns with  other  members  of the  community 

2.  Grid  Reliability:  The  immense  energy  demands  could  cause  utility  rates to  rise for  local  residents. 

And 

3.  Land  Use:  This  project  does  not align  with  the  rural/residential  character of our area,  disrupting 

agricultural  land  and  local  wildlife. 

While  these  facilities  provide tax  revenue, they are  intense  industrial  users that  require careful 

regulation to  be  "good  neighbors".  At  a  minimum,  please  consider the following when  evaluating new 

proposals: 

*  Mandating  noise  mitigation:  Restricting  chiller operations to  meet  noise  limits  at  property lines. 

*  Environmental  Protection:  Prohibiting  projects  in  floodplains or areas  with  high water tables,  and 

regulating water and  electric  usage such  that  it  does  not  impact the  availability  or costs  of these  basic 

utilities  for the citizens of the  surrounding  communities. 

*  Thermal  Pollution  Study:  Evaluating  the  impact of  "heat domes”  on  surrounding  agriculture. 

|  urge the commission to reject this  proposal  or, at  minimum,  institute  a  moratorium to  conduct a 
comprehensive  impact study. 

Sincerely, 
Darien  McFadden, 
30-Year Resident  of Callaway  County, 
609  State  Highway Z 
Fulton,  Missouri 

