ROAD USE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS  ROAD USE  AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”)  is  entered  into  as  of 

this  | 

|  day of [ 

|.  2026  (“Effective  Date”)  by  and  between  Callaway  County, 

Missouri  (the  “County”),  a  governmental  entity  in  the  State  of  Missouri,  whose  address  for 

purposes  of this  Agreement  is  10  East  5th  Street,  Fulton,  MO  65251,  and  [ 

],  a 

[ 

] 

limited 

liability  company,  whose  address  for  purposes  of  this  Agreement 

is 

referred  to  herein  individually as  a  (“Party”)  and  collectively  as  the  (““Parties’’). 

(“Operator”).  County  and  Operator  may  each  be 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Operator  is  developing  a  data center campus  consisting  of one  or  more  data 

center buildings,  a private  substation, and  other facilities  for the delivery of power to and operation, 

maintenance  and replacement,  from time  to time, of computer systems  and associated  components, 

such  as  telecommunications  and storage  systems,  cooling  systems,  power supplies  and  systems  for 

managing  property  performance  (including  generators),  and  related  improvements  such  as  water 

and  wastewater infrastructure,  stormwater  drainage  infrastructure,  electrical  equipment,  internet- 

related  equipment,  data  communications  connections,  environmental  controls  and_  security 

devices,  access  roads  and  other road  infrastructure,  temporary  construction  areas  and  assets,  and 

other infrastructures relating thereto (the  “Project’),  to be  located  on privately-owned land within 

that  part  of the  County shown on  the  attached  Exhibit A (the  “Project Boundary”);  and 

WHEREAS,  Operator  intends  to  obtain  the  necessary  approvals  to  build,  operate  and 

maintain  the  Project;  and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the construction, operation and maintenance  of the Project, 

the Parties  desire to address certain  issues  relating to certain roads owned, operated and maintained 

by  the  County  (collectively,  the  “Roads”’),  to  be  designated as  set  forth  in  this  Agreement,  over 

it  will  be  necessary  for  Operator  and  Operator’s  agents,  employees,  contractors, 
which 
subcontractors,  afÏliates,  and  servants  (each,  an  “Operator  Agent’)  to,  among  other things: 
(1) 
transport heavy  equipment  and materials  which may  be  in  excess  of local  design  limits  of certain 

Roads,  (ii)  transport  locally  sourced  materials,  such  as  concrete  and  gravel,  on  the  Roads;  (i111) 
make  specific  modifications  and  improvements  (both  temporary  and  permanent)  to  the  Roads 

(including  various  associated  culverts,  bridges,  road  shoulders  and  other fixtures)  to  permit  such 
equipment  and  materials  to  pass;  and  (iv)  place  overhead  and  underground  electrical  and 
communication  cables  (collectively  “Cables”)  and  water  and  wastewater  infrastructure  for  the 

Project adjacent to,  along,  under or across  such  Roads;  and 

WHEREAS, it  is  in  the best  interest  of the  public  health,  safety and  welfare that  Operator 
and  the  County  reach  an  agreement  to  address  possible  issues  pertaining  to  the  Roads that  will 
arise  in,  around,  and  near the  Project; 

WHEREAS, Operator and the  County wish to set  forth their understanding and agreement 

relating  to  the use  of Roads during the  construction  and  operation of the  Project;  and 

109791500.7 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual  terms  and  conditions  set  forth in this 

Agreement,  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  receipt  of  which 

is  hereby 

acknowledged, the  Parties  agree  as  follows: 

TERMS AND  CONDITIONS 

l. 

Operator  will  undertake  the  following  activities 

in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  this 

Agreement: 

a. 

Designate  a company representative  with  authority  to represent  Operator.  As of the 

date  of  the  Agreement, 

the  company 

representative 

is 

[ 

name 

], 

phone 

t 

No  later  than  thirty  (30)  days  prior  to  beginning  construction  of  the  Project 

(“Construction  Start’),  provide  the  County  with  the  preliminary  transportation 

route  for  the  Project  equipment  attached  as  Exhibit  B  (such  roads,  including  any 

bridges  or box culverts,  are  collectively  referred  to  as  “Designated  Roads’’). 

Pay for  the  reasonable  costs  of the  Project  Engineer  (defined  below). 

No later  than  thirty  (30) days  prior  to  Construction  Start  provide the  County with a 

list  of Designated  Roads  over  which  Operator’s  and  Operator’s  Agents’  transport 

trucks  or  other  heavy  machinery  will  travel  for  the  Project  (excluding  travel  by 

personal  vehicle  or  other  light  vehicle  not  subject  to  DOT weight  limits  per  axle), 

including  identification  of any  bridges  or  box  culverts  that  Operator  or  Operator’s 

Agents  will  cross  and  all  access  locations,  attached  as  Exhibit  B.  Operator  may 

request  the  additional  roads  or portions  of roads  at  any time  by complying  with  the 

procedures  set  forth  in  this  section. 

1. 

Operator  may,  from  time  to  time,  add  additional  roads  as  Designated  Roads 

by  submitting  to  the  County  (1)  an  updated  version  of  Exhibit  B  that 

includes  such  additional  roads,  and  (11)  an updated  version  of the  Inspection 

Report (defined below) incorporating  the  additional  roads.  The County shall 

review  and  approve  the  additional  roads  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days 

after  submittal,  such  approval  not 

to  be  unreasonably  withheld  or 

conditioned.  If approved  by  the  County,  the  updated  version  of Exhibit B 

shall  replace  the  previous  Exhibit  B  and  this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed 

amended  with  such updated  version  without  any  further  action  required  by 

either  Party. 

Prior  to  delivery  of  any  materials  or  equipment  requiring  road  improvements, 

Operator  shall  provide  final  road  improvement  plans  to  the  County  detailing  the 

road improvements,  if any, that will  be necessary  for deliveries  of overweight loads 

of materials  and  equipment  (“Road Improvement Plan”).  The plans  may  include 

the  widening  of  any  corner  radius, 

intersection 

improvements,  or  other 

improvements  to  facilitate  the  safe  movements  of  the  transport  trucks  used  by 
Operator  during  construction  of the  Project.  The  Road  Improvement  Plan  may 

109791500.7 

incorporate  the  road  standards  and  specifications  adopted  by the  County and those 
detailed  specifications  mutually  agreed  to  by  the  Parties,  including  Operator’s 
maintenance  of the  roadways  to  the  standards  as  indicated  by the  Project Engineer 
(as  defined  below).  Prior  to  commencing  any  such  improvement  or  installation, 
County  shall  have  the  right  to  provide  input  and reasonable  recommendations  and 

Operator  and  the  Project  Engineer  shall  be  required  to  consider  and  incorporate 
reasonable  input  and  recommendation  into  the  Road Improvement  Plan.  The  goal 
of the  Parties  is  to  use  the  most  direct routes  to  and  from  the  Project  as practicable, 
limit  the  necessity  of requiring the use  of alternate  routes by members  of the  general 
public,  minimize  the  disruption  of trafÏc  flows,  and  minimize  the  cost  and  scope 
of road  improvements; 

1. 

No  later  than  twenty  (20)  calendar  days  after  delivery  of  the  Road 

Improvement  Plan,  the  County  shall  provide  notice  to  Operator  of  any 

temporary  road expansions  on  the  Road Improvement  Plan  that  the  County 

reasonably  determines  is  necessary  to  be  constructed  as  permanent  road 

expansions,  provided  that  any  cost  associated  with  making  the  temporary 

road  expansions  permanent  road  expansions  shall  be  at  the  expense  of the 

County. 

Erect  permanent  markers  indicating  the  presence  of the  underground  Cables  and 

any  water  and  wastewater  infrastructure,  and  install  tape  in  any  trench  in  which 

Operator  has  placed  or  will  place  underground  Cables  or  water  and  wastewater 

infrastructure  in  a  County right-of-way.  All  underground  Cables  shall  be buried  at 

a minimum  depth  of forty-eight  (48) inches  below the  road surface; 

Notify  the  County  Highway  Superintendent 

in  advance  of  all  oversize  or 

overweight  transportation  and  crane  crossings  over, across  or  along  any  Road  as 

well  as  notify  the  County  of any  violations  (each  a  “Load Violation’),  including 

any  such use  on a  road not  approved by County; 

Transport  or cause  to  be  transported  Project matenals  and  other  oversize  loads  ina 

reasonable  effort  to  minimize  adverse 

impact  on  the  local  trafÏc,  mcluding 

restricting  overweight  or oversize  loads  to  the  Designated  Roads; 

Operator  shall,  except  in  the  event  of an  emergency  situation,  provide  reasonable 

advance  notice  to  the  County  when  it  is  necessary  for  a  Designated  Road  to  be 

closed  due  to  a  crane  crossing  or  for  any  other  reason  relating  to  the  construction 

of the  Project.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Operator  will  provide  no  less  than 

seventy-two  (72)  hours’  notice  when  a  Designated  Road  is  closed  for  more  than 

four hours.  If it is  necessary  for  a  Designated  Road to be  closed  less than  four hours, 

Operator will provide  no less  than  forty-eight  (48)  hours’  notice  of the  closure.  Ifa 

Designated  Road  is  closed  for  any  amount  of  time,  Operator  will  provide  all 

materials  necessary  to  close  the  Designated  Road; 

109791500.7 

Operator  will  provide  signage  of all  road  closures  and  work  zones  in  compliance 
with  the  Manual  on  Uniform  TrafÏc  Control  Devices  and  as  may  be  reasonably 
required  by the  County; 

Avoid,  and  cause  Operator’s  Agents  to  avoid,  parking  on  the  shoulders  of  any 
County  roads  except  in  the  case  of mechanical  issues  or  emergency.  If a  Load 
Violation  or parking  on  the  shoulder  causes  damages  to a  road,  or  any portion  of a 
road,  that  is  not  a  Designated  Road,  the  Project  Engineer  (as  defined  below),  and 
employee,  agent,  or  other  representative  designated  in  writing  by  Operator  to  act 
“Operator 
on  Operator’s  behalf 

for  purposes  of  this  Agreement 

(the 

Representative”)  will  inspect  and  assess  the  applicable  road  and  determine 
whether  damage  has  occurred,  and  if so,  the  nature  and  extent  of such  damage.  If 
the  Project  Engineer  and the  Operator  Representative  determine  that  such  damage 
has  occurred  as  a result  of a  Load Violation  or parking  on the  shoulder,  the  County 

shall perform  the  repairs  itself and invoice  Operator for the reasonable,  documented 

cost  of such  repairs.  Any  dispute  regarding  the  existence,  cause,  scope,  or  cost  of 

such  damage  or repairs  remains  subject  to  the  dispute  resolution  provisions  of this 

Agreement. 

Provide  estimated  Post-Construction  Repair  costs  to  the  County  detailing  the 

expected  cost  to  repair  and  remediate  the  Roads  and  any  other  obligations  of the 

Operator set  forth  in  Section  |  and its  subparts,  at the  end of the  construction  period. 

Operator  shall  post  a  surety  bond,  letter  of credit,  or  other  security  for  the  benefit 

of County  and  reasonably  acceptable  to  County  and  Operator, in  an  amount  that  is 

the  greater  of (1)  one  hundred  ten  percent  (110%)  of the  repair  costs,  or  (ii)  five 

hundred  thousand  dollars  ($500,000)  (“Post-Construction  Repair  Security”). 

Operator  shall  purchase  and  deliver  applicable  road  materials  for  repairs  to  Roads 

that  are  damaged  by  Operator  and/or  an  Operator  Agent  during  the  hauling  of 

materials  and/or  construction  of the  Project  and bear the  reasonable  costs  to  restore 

any  Roads  that  are  damaged  by  Operator  and/or  an  Operator  Agent  during  the 

hauling  of  materials  and/or  construction  of  the  Project  to  the  condition  enjoyed 

immediately  prior  to  such  damage  occurring,  to  the  extent  reasonably  possible; 

Provide plans  (“Transmission  Plans’’) showing the  planned location  of distribution 

and/or  transmission  lines  crossing  Roads  or  other  County-owned  roads  to  County 

at  least  sixty  (60)  days  prior  to  Construction  Start  of  any  such  distribution  or 

transmission  lines.  The  County  may  object  to  the  location  of any  distribution  or 

transmission  lines  crossing  County  roads  by  providing  detailed  reasons  for  such 

objections  to  Operator, and  the  parties  shall  cooperate  to  revise  the  Transmission 

Plans  to  address  such  objections. 

Employ  dust  control  measures  to  limit  the  hazards  and  inconvenience  of  dust 

associated  with  Project  construction  on  the  Roads  when  under  use  during 

construction  of the  Project; 

Perform  all  work  in  a  good  and  workmanlike  manner  and  in  accordance  with 

construction  standards;  and 

109791500.7 

p. 

Comply  with  the  County’s  current,  reasonable  right  of way  use  permit,  rules  and 
regulations  a  copy of which shall  be  provided  to  Operator at  Operator’s  request. 

County  Responsibilities.  The  County,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of this  Agreement, 
agrees  that  it  shall: 

a. 

Within  thirty  (30) days  following  the  Effective  Date  of this  Agreement,  designate  a 
County  representative  with  authority  to  represent  the  County  at  [insert  County 
phone number}; 

Hire  a  civil  engineer  licensed  in  the  State  of Missouri  who  regularly  practices  and 
has  experience  in  roadway  construction  and  design  standards  and  is  mutually 
acceptable  to  Operator  and  the  County  (“Project  Engineer’’),  the  reasonable  cost 
of which shall  be  paid  for  by Operator. 

Within  thirty  (30)  days  following  receipt  of the  trafÏc  map  designating  the  Roads, 
meet  with  Operator to  amend  or approve the  trafÏc  map,  as  may be  necessary. 

Timely  perform  routine  and regular  maintenance  of the  Roads  including:  grading, 
snow removal,  striping,  routine  signage,  and  regularly  scheduled  maintenance  and 
repair.  During the  construction  of the  Project,  Operator  shall  perform  maintenance 
as  necessary  of the  Roads,  as  necessary  and  at  its  own expense. 

Timely  review  all  Project-related  access  points  and  road  crossings  for  approval, 

which  are  submitted  by Operator in  Exhibit B, pursuant  to  the  requirements  of this 

Agreement; 

Timely  review  plans  for  all Project-related  utility  encroachments  on  County rights - 

of way for  approval;  which  are  submitted  by Operator  in  accordance  with  Exhibit 

B, pursuant  to  the  requirements  of this  Agreement; 

Review  proposed  revisions  to  Exhibit  B  and  the  final  location  of Road  crossings 

and  access  points,  as  revisions  are  submitted  to  the  County  by  or  on  behalf  of 

Operator  for  approval  or denial  within  twenty-four  (24)  hours  of submittal; 

Hereby  grant  to  Operator  and  its  Agents  a  non-exclusive  right  to  enter  upon  and 

utilize  the  surface  of  the  Designated  Roads  and  rights  of way  for  the  purposes 

specified  in this  Agreement.  In addition  to the  surface  use  of the  Roads, the  County 

hereby grants  to  the  Operator  and  its  Agents a non-exclusive  license,  interest,  right 

and privilege  to utilize  the Designated Roads forthe operation,  maintenance,  repair, 

or  decommissioning  of the  Project  and  the  for  the  siting,  installation,  operation, 

repair,  maintenance,  or  repowering  of facilities  that  benefit  the  Project  including, 

but  not limited  to,  Cables,  distribution  lines,  electrical  or data transmission  lines  or 

other facilities  or utilities  as  may be  beneficial for the  operation  of the  Project; 

Provide  any  documentation,  maps,  surveys,  and  engineering  plans  for  existing 

culverts,  drainage,  road improvements,  and utility  installations  to  Operator that  the 

County  may  have  in  its  possession.  Nothing  in  the  preceding  sentence  shall  be 

109791500.7 

5 

construed  to  obligate  the  County to  provide  any  drawings  or  documentation  that  it 

does not  currently  possess; 

If, 

following  Construction  Start, 

the  Project  Engineer  and 

the  Operator 

Representative  determine  that  damage  to  any Roads  has  occurred  as a  direct  result 

of Operator’s  construction  activities,  the  County shall  perform  the necessary  repairs 

and  invoice  Operator  for the  reasonable,  documented  cost of those  repairs,  together 

with  demonstrable  evidence  of the  damage  and  the  repairs  performed.  Operator 

must  pay  any  undisputed  invoice  submitted  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  receipt.  If 

the  County  performs  repairs,  Operator  has  no  further  obligation  to  repair  the 

affected  portion  of the  Roads unless  Operator  thereafter  causes  additional  damage 

to  that  portion  of the  Roads. Any dispute  regarding  the  existence,  cause,  scope,  or 

cost  of the  damage  or  repairs  remains  subject  to  the  dispute  resolution  provisions 

of this  Agreement. 

Planning  Inventory 

a. 

Road Inventory 

1. 

Pre-Construction  Inventory.  Prior  to  Construction  Start,  Operator  shall 

perform  a  survey  to  record  the  condition  of  the  pavement  surface  and 

subgrade  of roads  which  will  be  used  in  the  transport  of equipment  to  the 

Project  and  to  assess  the  roads  and  provide  a  written  report  of  such 

inspection  (“Inspection  Report”)  to  County.  The  Inspection  Report  may 

include  information  and  findings  from  other  third-party  consultants  hired 

by  Operator.  During  this  survey,  photographs  may  be  taken,  all  of which 

shall  be  provided  to  the  County  that  clearly  identifies  each  road  segment. 

All  costs  associated  with  the  Pre-Construction  Inventory  shall  be  borne 

solely  by Operator. 

ll. 

Post-Construction  Inventory 

(1) 

The County  shall  repair the  Designated  Roads to  the  condition  they 

were  in  or better  prior  to  the  damage  caused  by construction  of the 

Project.  Upon  completion  of  construction  of  each  phase  of  the 

Project,  if applicable,  representatives  of the  County  and  Operator 

will  perform  a  post-construction  inventory,  the  methods  of which 

shall  be similar  to  those  of the  Pre-Construction  Inventory  described 

above.  The  two  sets  of  pre-  and  post-construction  data  will  be 

compared  and  if there  is  any  wheel  lane  rutting,  cracking  or  other 

damage  in  excess  of the  original  survey,  the  County  and  Operator 

will  determine  the  extent  of the  repairs  or  improvements  needed  to 

return  the roads to  a pre-construction  condition.  All costs  associated 

with  the  Post-Construction  Inventory  shall  be  borne  solely  by 

Operator. 

109791500.7 

(2) 

The  County  shall  undertake  any  and  all  repairs  necessary  to  return 
the  roads  to  a  pre-construction  condition,  and  Operator  shall 
remburse  the  County  for  the  reasonable,  actual,  and  documented 
costs  of such  repairs.  Within  fifteen  (15)  calendar  days  following 
the  completion  of the  Post-Construction  Inventory,  the  County  shall 
provide  notice  to  Operator  identifying  those  repairs  which  the 
County  has  determined  are  required  to  be  performed  (“Post- 
Construction  Repair  Notice”)  together  with  the  County’s  good 
faith  estimate  of the  cost  of such  repairs  and  the  expected  date  by 
which  such  repairs  shall  be  completed.  Within  fifteen  (15)  days 
following  the completion  of repairs,  the  County shall  provide a  post- 
construction  completion  notice  to  the  Operator  (the  “Notice  of 
Completion’’). 

b. 

Routing  and  Access  Approval.  As  soon  as  practical  after  execution  of  this 
Agreement  and  as  necessary  throughout  the  construction  of the  Project,  Operator 
and  County  shall  meet  to  discuss  routing  for  the  transportation  of equipment  to  the 
Project,  Project-related  access  points,  road  crossings,  Cable  locations,  and  water 
and  wastewater  infrastructure  and the  County  shall  review  in  compliance  with  the 
requirements  of this  Agreement. 

‘am 

Load Violations.  On the  first  notice  of violation,  Operator shall promptly  work with 

Operator’s  Agents  and  County  to  address  and  correct  any  Load  Violation.  If  a 

second  Load  Violation  occurs,  Operator  shall  pay  to  County  the  sum  of $2,000 

within  fifteen  (15)  calendar  days  following  notice  of such  Load Violation  as a  fine 

for such  second  Load Violation.  If a  third  Load Violation  occurs,  that  portion  of the 

road on which the  third  Load Violation  occurred  shall  be  treated  with  160  tons  of 1 

74 

inch  MGS  aggregate  per  mile  prior  to  the  County  accepting  any  Post- 

Construction  Repairs  to  such  Designated  Road.  The  County  shall  be  required  to 

verify  that  any  load  violations  are 

in  connection  with  Operator’s  use  of  the 

Designated  Roads  in  connection  with the  Project. 

4. 

Road  Repair  Dispute.  If Operator  disputes  any  required  Designated  Road repairs  and  the 

parties  are  unable  to  resolve  the  dispute,  the  parties  may  submit  the  dispute  to  a mutually 

agreeable  neutral  engineer,  who  shall  conduct  an  on-site  inspection  (if  necessary)  and 

review  the  Inspection  Report  and  submit  its  findings  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  of 
submission  of  the  dispute  by  the  parties.  Operator  shall  bear  the  costs  of the  neutral 
engineer.  If the  neutral  engineer  finds  that  repairs  to  the  Designated  Roads  are  required 

under  the  terms  of this  Agreement,  the  County  shall  undertake  or  cause  such  repairs  to  be 

completed  in  accordance  with  the  neutral  engineer’s  findings  and  shall  invoice  Operator 

for  the  reasonable,  actual,  and  documented  costs  of such repairs.  Operator  shall  reimburse 

the  County  for  such  invoiced  amount  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  after  receipt  of the 

invoice.  If Operator fails  to  ttmely  retrmburse  the  County, the  County may  draw on the Post- 

Construction  Repair  Security  for  the unpaid  amount  of such  costs.  Nothing  in this  Section 
shall  be  construed  as  a waiver  of either  party’s  right  to  bring  a  claim  at  law  or  in  equity  at 

any  time. 

109791500.7 

5. 

Indemnification  and  Insurance. 

a. 

Indemnity.  Operator  hereby  agrees  to  indemnify,  defend  and  hold  harmless  the 
County  and  its  respective  ofÏcers,  employees,  elected  or  appointed  ofÏcials,  and 

their  respective  successors  and  assigns 
from  any  and  all  loss  or  damage,  claims, 
demands,  liability,  fines,  penalties,  liens,  actions,  causes  of action,  and  suits  against 
the  County, respectively,  asserted  by a third-party  by reason of bodily injuries,  death 
or  material  damage  to  tangible  property  including,  without  limitation,  claims  for 
attorneys’  fees,  professional  fees,  court  costs,  expenses,  and  disbursements  to  the 
extent  directly  or  indirectly  arising  out  of  Operator’s  or  Operators  Agents’  (i) 

negligence,  willful  or  intentional  conduct  of  Operator  or  any  of  its  employees, 

agents,  contractors  or  subcontractors 

in  the  construction  and  operation  of  the 

Project;  and  (11)  Operator’s  failure  to  comply  with  any  applicable 

law,  rule, 

regulation  or permit;  and  (iii)  Operator’s  construction  or  work relating  to  the  Road 

Improvement  Plan,  installation  or  maintenance  of  distribution  and  transmission 

lines,  performance  of work during  construction,  obligations  under  this  Agreement, 

Post-Construction  Repair,  maintenance  during  operations,  use  of  any  easement 

granted  pursuant  to  this  Agreement,  and  any  dangerous  conditions  created  by  any 

or  all  of these  activities;  and  (iv)  Operator’s  breach  of its  obligations  under  this 

Agreement.  Operator  shall,  at  its  own cost  and  expenses,  defend  any  claim  which 

may  be  asserted  or  commenced  by a  third  party  against  County,  or  its  employees 

and  agents  by reason  thereof and  shall  pay  and  satisfy  (a)  all judgments  which may 

be  rendered  in  any  such  claim,  subject  to  County’s  sovereign,  governmental,  and 

ofÏcial  immunity;  and  (b)  all  related  costs  and  expenses,  including  reasonable 

attorneys’  fees,  professional  fees,  court  cost  expenses  and  disbursements,  and  shall 

keep  any  and  all  County roads  and property  free  and unencumbered  of any  charge 

or  lien  arising  in  connection  with  Operator’s  actions  under  this  Agreement.  This 

indemnity  shall  not  apply  to  damages  to  the  extent  caused  by  the  negligence  or 

intentional  misconduct  of  the  County  or 

its  ofÏcers,  employees,  or  agents. 

Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary,  each  party  will  be  responsible  to  the 

extent  permitted  by  law,  for  injuries  occurring  to  or  damages  suffered  by  their 
respective  employees  or  for  worker’s  compensation  claims  filed  by  their  own 
employees. 

Required  Insurance.  Operator  shall  upon  commencement  of construction  of the 
Project  and  for  the  period  that  the  Project  is  operating  until  decommissioning, 

insurance,  in  the 
maintain  in  full  force  and  effect  commercial  general  liability 
aggregate  amount  equal 
($3,000,000);  workers’ 
compensation  in amounts  required by law;  and automotive  insurance,  in the  amount 

to  Three  Million  Dollars 

equal  to  One  Million  Dollars  ($1,000,000)  aggregate  and  each  occurrence. 
Operator may utilize  any combination  of primary  and/or excess  insurance  to  satisfy 

this  requirement  and may  satisfy  this  requirement  under existing  insurance  policies 
for the Project.  Operator shall provide County with evidence of such insurance upon 

request by County. 

109791500.7 

The  insurance  amounts  required  by this  section  shall  be  increased  annually  by an  amount  equal  to 
the percentage change in the annual average  of the  Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers 
(CPI-U) or zero, whichever is  greater, as  defined  in 2026. 

6. 

Release  of Security.  Subject  to  any conditions  allowing  County to  retain  Post-Construction 
Repair Security  pursuant  to  this  Agreement,  the  County  shall  release  the  Post-Construction 
Repair  Security  within  three  (3)  business  days  after  the  earliest  to  occur  of the  following 
(i)  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  after  Operator receives  notice  that  the  County  has  completed 
its  post-construction  repairs,  provided  Operator  has  not  objected  to  any  such  repairs,  or 
lack thereof, to  the County or (ii)  the date  on which the  neutral  engineer delivers  its  findings 
that  the  road repairs  are  sufÏcient. 

Agreement  and  Project  Scope.  This Agreement  shall  specifically  apply only to  the  Project 
described,  and  any authorizations,  approvals,  rights,  or interests  shall  be limited  to  the  data 
center project which is described  in this  Agreement  and the  preliminary  transportation  route 
attached  as  Exhibit  B,  and  shall  not  include  authorization,  approval,  rights,  or interests  in 
Operator  with respect  to  any  other  project  or facility. 

Miscellaneous 

a. 

Remedies  and  Enforcement.  The Parties  acknowledge that  money damages  would 

not  be  an  adequate  remedy  for  any breach  or threatened  breach  of this  Agreement. 

Each of the parties  hereto  covenant  and  agree  that  in  the  event  of default  of any  of 

the  terms,  provisions or conditions  of this  Agreement by any Party  (the  “Defaulting 

Party”),  which default  is  not caused by the  Party  seeking  to  enforce  said  provisions 

(the  “Non-Defaulting  Party”)  and  after  notice  and  reasonable  opportunity  to  cure 

has  been  provided  to  the  Defaulting  Party,  then 

in  such  an  event,  the  Non- 

Defaulting  Party  shall  have  the  right  to  seek  specific  performance  and/or  injunctive 

relief to  remedy  or prevent any breach or threatened  breach of this  Agreement.  The 

remedies  of specific  performance  and/or  injunctive  relief shall  not be  exclusive  of 

any  other  remedy  available  at  law  or  in  equity. 

In  the  event  the  Non-Defaulting 

Party  is  the  prevailing  party  in  a  lawsuit seeking to  enforce the  terms  and  conditions 

of this  Agreement,  it  shall  be  entitled  to  its  reasonable  attorney’s  fees  and  costs. 

Due Authorization.  Operator  hereby  represents  and  warrants  that  this  Agreement 
has  been  duly  authorized,  executed  and  delivered  on  behalf  of  Operator.  The 

County  hereby  represents,  and  warrants  that  this  Agreement  has  been  duly 

authorized,  executed and  delivered  on behalf of the  County. 

Severability.  If any  provision  of this  Agreement  proves  to  be  illegal,  invalid,  or 
unenforceable,  the  remainder  of  this  Agreement  will  not  be  affected  by  such 

finding,  and  in  lieu  of each  provision  of this  Agreement  that  is  illegal,  invalid,  or 

unenforceable  a provision  shall  be  deemed  added  as  may  be possible  to  accurately 
reflect  the  intentions  of the  Parties  and  so  as  to  make  the  unenforceable  provision 

legal,  valid,  and  enforceable. 

b. 

C, 

109791500.7 

Amendments.  This Agreement  constitutes  the  entire  agreement  and  understanding 
of the  parties  and  supersedes  all  offers,  negotiations  and  other  agreements.  There 
are  no  representations  or  understandings  of  any  kind  not  set  forth  herein.  No 
amendment  or  modification 
to  this  Agreement  or  waiver  of  a  Party’s  rights 
hereunder  shall  be  binding  unless  it  shall  be  in  writing  and  signed  by  both  Parties 
to  this  Agreement. 

Notices.  All notices  shall  be  in writing  and  sent  (including  via facsimile  and  email 
transmission)  to  the  Parties  hereto  at their respective  addresses,  email  addresses,  or 
fax numbers  (or to such  other address,  email  addresses,  or fax number as either  such 
Party  shall  designate  in  writing  to  the  other  Party  at any  time). 

Operator: 

Nader Pakfar 
c/o  Crusoe  Technologies  LLC 

225  Fillmore  Street,  Ste  400 

Denver, CO  80206 

legal@crusoe.al 

npakfar(@crusoe.ai 

and 

Alan Claus  Anderson 
Polsinelli  PC,  900  W 48" Place,  Suite  900 

Kansas  City, MO  64112 

(816)  572-4761 

aanderson@polsinelli.com 

County: 

Callaway County 

10  East  5th  Street,  Fulton,  MO  65251 

Attn:  County  Clerk 

Phone Number:  (573)  642-0730 

Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  any  number  of counterparts, 

each  of which  shall  be  deemed  an  original,  with  the  same  effect  as  if the  signatures 

thereto  and hereto  were  upon the  instrument.  Delivery  of an  executed  counterpart 

of a  signature  page  to  this  Agreement  by  electronic  mail  shall  be  as  effective  as 

delivery  of an  originally  signed  counterpart  to  this  Agreement. 

Governing  Law;  Venue.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and  interpreted  in 

accordance  with  the  laws  of the  State  of Missoun,  irrespective  of any  conflict  of 

laws  provisions.  Both  parties  desire  that  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  be 

effected  and  carried  out in  a manner  that is  in  compliance  with  all laws.  The parties 

109791500.7 

10 

agree  that  any 
lawsuit  relating  to  the  enforcement  or  interpretation  of  this 
Agreement  shall  be  exclusively  in the  Circuit  Court of Callaway County, Missouri 
and the  parties  expressly  consent  to  the jurisdiction  thereof. 

Successor  and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall  inure  to  the  benefit  of and  shall  be 
binding  upon  the  Parties  hereto,  their  respective  successors,  assignees,  and  legal 
representatives. 

Assignment.  Developer may  assign  this  Agreement,  in  whole  or  in  part,  without 
the  consent  or  approval  of  County,  provided  that  Developer  gives  County  prior 
written  notice  of  such  assignment.  Any  assignee  of  Developer,  other  than  a 
collateral  assignee  in  connection  with  financing,  shall  agree  in  writing  to  assume 
and  be  bound  by  all  terms,  covenants,  and  obligations  of Developer  under  this 
Agreement  as  a  condition  to  such  assignment.  Developer  may  also,  upon  written 
notice  to  County  and  without  County’s  consent  or  approval,  mortgage,  charge, 
pledge,  collaterally  assign,  or otherwise  encumber and  grant security  interests  in  all 
or  any  part  of its  interest  in  this  Agreement  for  purposes  of financing;  provided, 
however, that  in  no  event  shall  Developer  grant,  encumber,  or  otherwise  create  a 
security  interest  in  any interest  or  property  interest  of County.  Upon any permitted 
assignment,  the  assignee  shall  succeed  to  Developer’s  rights  and  obligations  under 
this  Agreement,  and this Agreement  shall be binding upon and benefit  such assignee 
and  its  permitted  successors  and  assigns. 

Termination.  Operator  shall  have  the  right  to  terminate  this  Agreement  prior  to 

beginning  construction  of the  Project  by  providing  thirty  (30)  days’  prior  written 

notice  to  the  County.  Operator  shall  not  terminate  this  Agreement,  absent  consent 

by the  County, when the  construction  and  operation  of the  Project  are  still  ongoing. 

If any  Term of this  Agreement  is  found  to  be  void  or  invalid,  such  invalidity  shall 

not affect the  remaining  Terms of this Agreement,  which  shall continue  in  full force 

and  effect. 

Failure  of  County  or  Operator  to 

insist  on  strict  performance  of  any  of  the 

conditions  or  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  or  to  exercise  any  of  their  nights 

hereunder, shall  not waive  such  rights. 

Whenever  in  this  Agreement  the  approval or  consent  of either  County  or Operator 

is  required  or  contemplated,  unless  otherwise  specifically  stated,  such  approval  or 

consent shall  not be  made  the  subject  of  a  demand  for additional  compensation,  nor 

otherwise  unreasonably  conditioned,  withheld  or  delayed. 

In  any  litigation  arising  from  or  related  to  this  Agreement,  the  parties  hereto  each 

hereby knowingly, voluntarily  and  intentionally  waive the  right  each may have  to  a 

trial  by jury  with respect  to  any  litigation  based  hereon,  or  arising  out of,  under  or 

in connection  with this  Agreement. 

[remainder of page  intentionally  left  blank] 

[signatures  begin  on following page] 

109791500.7 

11 

109791500.7 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this  Agreement  to be executed in their 

respective  names  by their duly authorized  ofÏcers. 

OPERATOR: 

[ 
a  [ 

By: 

F 
]  limited  lability  company 

109791500.7 

13 

COUNTY: 

CALLAWAY COUNTY, MISSOURI 

By: 

Name: 

Gary Jungermann,  County Commissioner 

By: 

Name: 

Curtis Warfield,  County Commissioner 

By: 

Name: 

Christopher  Scott,  County Commissioner 

ATTEST: 

By: 

Ronda Miller, County Clerk 

109791500.7 

14 

EXHIBIT A 

Project Boundary 

AZ 

36.0-00-000-002.000 

G4-07.0-36.0-00-000-003.000 

04-07 .0-36.0-00-000-004:000 

— 

100-002-001  | 

(G7-0.1.0-01.0-00-000-002.000 

08-02 

08-03.0-06.0-00-0001003.000 

07-01.0-0,.0-00-000-002 002 

'0-00-000-004 
002 

003.000) 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.000 

07-01/0-01.0,00,000-004.001 

109791500.7 

15 

EXHIBIT B 

Preliminary  Transportation Route 

[To be  Provided] 

109791500.7 

16 

