ROAD USE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS ROAD USE  AND MAINTENANCE  AGREEMENT  (“Agreement”)  is  entered  into  as  of 
].  2026  (“Effective  Date”)  by  and  between  Callaway  County, 
this  | 

|  day of [ 

Missouri  (the  “County”),  a  governmental  entity  in  the  State  of  Missouri,  whose  address  for 
],  a 
purposes  of this  Agreement  is  10  East  5th  Street,  Fulton,  MO  65251,  and  [ 
is 
| 

liability  company,  whose  address  for  purposes  of  this  Agreement 

limited 

] 

referred  to  herein individually as  a  (“Party”)  and  collectively  as  the  (“Parties”). 

(“Operator”).  County  and  Operator  may  each  be 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Operator  is  developing  a data center campus  consisting  of one  or  more  data 
center buildings,  a private  substation, and  other facilities  for the delivery of power to and operation, 
maintenance  and replacement,  from time  to time, of computer systems  and associated components, 
such  as  telecommunications  and storage  systems,  cooling  systems,  power supplies  and systems  for 
managing  property  performance  (including  generators),  and  related  improvements  such  as  water 
and  wastewater infrastructure,  stormwater  drainage  infrastructure,  electrical  equipment,  internet- 
related  equipment,  data  communications  connections,  environmental  controls  and_  security 

devices,  access  roads  and  other road  infrastructure,  temporary  construction  areas  and  assets,  and 
other infrastructures relating thereto (the  “Project’),  to be  located on privately-owned land within 

that  part  of the  County shown on the  attached  Exhibit A (the  “Project Boundary”);  and 

WHEREAS,  Operator  intends  to  obtain  the  necessary  approvals  to  build,  operate  and 

maintain  the  Project; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the construction, operation and maintenance  of the Project, 

the Parties  desire to address certain  issues  relating to certain roads owned, operated and maintained 

by  the  County  (collectively,  the  “Roads”),  to  be  designated as  set  forth  in  this  Agreement,  over 

which 
it  will  be  necessary  for  Operator  and  Operator’s  agents,  employees,  contractors, 
subcontractors,  afÏliates,  and  servants  (each,  an  “Operator  Agent”)  to,  among  other things:  (i) 
transport  heavy  equipment  and  materials  which may  be  in  excess  of local  design limits  of certain 
Roads,  (ii)  transport  locally  sourced  materials,  such  as  concrete  and  gravel,  on  the  Roads;  (iii) 
make  specific  modifications  and  improvements  (both  temporary  and  permanent)  to  the  Roads 

(including  various  associated  culverts,  bridges,  road  shoulders  and  other fixtures)  to  permit  such 
equipment  and  materials  to  pass;  and  (iv)  place  overhead  and  underground  electrical  and 
communication  cables  (collectively  “Cables”)  and  water  and  wastewater  infrastructure  for  the 
Project  adjacent  to,  along,  under or across  such  Roads;  and 

WHEREAS, it  is  in  the best  interest  of the  public  health,  safety and  welfare that  Operator 
and  the  County  reach  an  agreement  to  address  possible  issues  pertaining  to  the  Roads that  will 
arise  in,  around,  and  near the Project; 

WHEREAS, Operator and the  County wish to set  forth their understanding and agreement 

relating  to  the  use  of Roads during  the  construction and  operation of the  Project;  and 

109791500.7 

NOW, THEREFORE, in  consideration of the mutual  terms  and  conditions  set  forth in  this 

Agreement,  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  receipt  of  which 

is  hereby 

acknowledged, the  Parties  agree  as  follows: 

TERMS AND  CONDITIONS 

L 

Operator  will  undertake  the  following  activities 

in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  this 

Agreement: 

as 

Designate a  company representative  with authority  to represent  Operator.  As of the 

date  of  the  Agreement, 

the  company 

representative 

is 

[ 

name 

ls 

| 

phone 

|. 

No  later  than  thirty  (30)  days  prior  to  beginning  construction  of  the  Project 

(“Construction  Start’),  provide  the  County  with  the  preliminary  transportation 

route  for  the  Project  equipment  attached  as  Exhibit  B  (such  roads,  including  any 

bridges  or box culverts,  are  collectively  referred  to  as  “Designated  Roads’’). 

Pay  for  the  reasonable  costs  of the  Project  Engineer  (defined  below). 

No later  than  thirty  (30) days  prior  to  Construction  Start  provide the  County with  a 

list  of Designated  Roads  over  which  Operator’s  and  Operator’s  Agents’  transport 

trucks  or  other  heavy  machinery  will  travel  for  the  Project  (excluding  travel  by 

personal  vehicle  or  other  light  vehicle  not  subject  to  DOT weight  limits  per  axle), 

including  identification  of any  bridges  or  box  culverts  that  Operator  or  Operator’s 

Agents  will  cross  and  all  access  locations,  attached  as  Exhibit  B.  Operator  may 

request  the  additional  roads  or portions  of roads  at  any time  by complying  with  the 

procedures  set  forth  in  this  section. 

i 

Operator  may,  from time  to  time,  add  additional  roads  as  Designated  Roads 

by  submitting  to  the  County  (i)  an  updated  version  of  Exhibit  B  that 

includes  such  additional  roads,  and  (11)  an updated  version  of the  Inspection 

Report (defined below) incorporating  the  additional  roads.  The County shall 

review  and  approve  the  additional  roads  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days 

after  submittal,  such  approval  not 

to  be  unreasonably  withheld  or 

conditioned.  If approved  by  the  County,  the  updated  version  of Exhibit B 

shall  replace  the  previous  Exhibit B  and  this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed 

amended  with  such updated  version  without  any  further  action  required  by 

either  Party. 

Prior  to  delivery  of  any  materials  or  equipment  requiring  road  improvements, 

Operator  shall  provide  final  road  improvement  plans  to  the  County  detailing  the 

road improvements,  if any, that will be necessary  for deliveries  of overweight loads 

of materials  and  equipment  (“Road Improvement Plan”).  The plans  may  include 
improvements,  or  other 
the  widening  of  any  corner  radius, 
improvements  to  facilitate  the  safe  movements  of  the  transport  trucks  used  by 
Operator  during  construction  of  the  Project.  The  Road  Improvement  Plan  may 

intersection 

109791500.7 

incorporate  the  road standards  and  specifications  adopted  by the  County and those 
detailed  specifications  mutually  agreed  to  by  the  Parties,  including  Operator’s 
maintenance  of the  roadways  to  the  standards  as  indicated  by the  Project Engineer 
(as  defined  below).  Prior  to  commencing  any  such  improvement  or  installation, 
County  shall  have  the  right  to  provide  input  and reasonable  recommendations  and 
Operator  and  the  Project  Engineer  shall  be  required  to  consider  and  incorporate 
reasonable  input  and  recommendation  into  the  Road Improvement  Plan.  The  goal 
of the  Parties  is  to  use  the  most  direct routes  to  and  from  the  Project  as practicable, 
limit  the  necessity  of requiring the  use  of alternate  routes by members  of the  general 
public,  minimize  the  disruption  of trafÏc  flows,  and  minimize  the  cost  and  scope 
of road  improvements; 

1. 

No  later  than  twenty  (20)  calendar  days  after  delivery  of  the  Road 

Improvement  Plan,  the  County  shall  provide  notice  to  Operator  of  any 

temporary  road  expansions  on  the  Road  Improvement  Plan  that  the  County 

reasonably  determines  is  necessary  to  be  constructed  as  permanent  road 

expansions,  provided  that  any  cost  associated  with  making  the  temporary 

road  expansions  permanent  road  expansions  shall  be  at  the  expense  of the 

County. 

Erect  permanent  markers  indicating  the  presence  of the  underground  Cables  and 

any  water  and  wastewater  infrastructure,  and  install  tape  in  any  trench  in  which 

Operator  has  placed  or  will  place  underground  Cables  or  water  and  wastewater 

infrastructure  in  a  County right-of-way.  All underground  Cables  shall  be buried  at 

a minimum  depth  of forty-eight  (48) inches  below the  road surface; 

Notify  the  County  Highway  Superintendent 

in  advance  of  all  oversize  or 

overweight  transportation  and  crane  crossings  over, across  or  along  any  Road  as 
well  as  notify  the  County  of any  violations  (each  a  “Load Violation’’),  including 
any  such use  on  a  road not  approved by County; 

Transport  or cause  to  be  transported  Project  materials  and  other  oversize  loads  in  a 
including 
reasonable  effort  to  minimize  adverse 
restricting  overweight or oversize  loads  to  the  Designated  Roads; 

impact  on  the  local  trafÏc, 

Operator  shall,  except  in  the  event  of an  emergency  situation,  provide  reasonable 
advance  notice  to  the  County  when  it  is  necessary  for  a  Designated  Road  to  be 

closed  due  to  a  crane  crossing  or  for  any  other  reason  relating  to  the  construction 
of the  Project.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Operator  will  provide  no  less  than 

seventy-two  (72)  hours’  notice  when  a  Designated  Road  is  closed  for  more  than 
four hours.  If it is necessary  for a Designated  Road to be  closed less than  four hours, 
Operator will provide  no less  than  forty-eight  (48)  hours’  notice  of the  closure.  Ifa 

Designated  Road  is  closed  for  any  amount  of  time,  Operator  will  provide  all 
materials  necessary  to  close  the  Designated  Road; 

109791500.7 

Operator  will  provide  signage  of all  road  closures  and  work  zones  in  compliance 
with  the  Manual  on  Uniform  TrafÏc  Control  Devices  and  as  may  be  reasonably 
required by the  County; 

Avoid,  and  cause  Operator’s  Agents  to  avoid,  parking  on  the  shoulders  of  any 
County  roads  except  in  the  case  of  mechanical  issues  or  emergency.  If a  Load 
Violation  or parking  on  the  shoulder  causes  damages  to  a  road,  or  any portion  of a 
road,  that  is  not  a  Designated  Road,  the  Project  Engineer  (as  defined  below),  and 
employee,  agent,  or  other  representative  designated  in  writing  by  Operator  to  act 
on  Operator’s  behalf 
“Operator 
Representative”)  will  inspect  and  assess  the  applicable  road  and  determine 
whether  damage  has  occurred,  and  if so,  the  nature  and  extent  of such  damage.  If 
the  Project  Engineer  and the  Operator  Representative  determine  that  such  damage 
has  occurred  as a  result  of a  Load Violation  or parking  on the  shoulder,  the  County 
shall perform  the  repairs  itself and invoice  Operator for the reasonable,  documented 
cost  of such  repairs.  Any  dispute  regarding  the  existence,  cause,  scope,  or  cost  of 

for  purposes  of  this  Agreement 

(the 

such  damage  or repairs  remains  subject  to  the  dispute  resolution  provisions  of this 

Agreement. 

Provide  estimated  Post-Construction  Repair  costs  to  the  County  detailing  the 

expected  cost  to  repair  and  remediate  the  Roads  and  any  other  obligations  of the 

Operator set  forth  in  Section  |  and its  subparts,  at the  end of the  construction  period. 

Operator  shall  post  a  surety  bond,  letter  of credit,  or  other  security  for  the  benefit 

of County  and reasonably  acceptable  to  County  and  Operator, in  an  amount  that  is 

the  greater  of (i)  one  hundred  ten  percent  (110%)  of the  repair  costs,  or  (ii)  five 

hundred  thousand  dollars  ($500,000)  (“Post-Construction  Repair  Security’). 

Operator  shall  purchase  and  deliver  applicable  road  materials  for repairs  to  Roads 

that  are  damaged  by  Operator  and/or  an  Operator  Agent  during  the  hauling  of 

materials  and/or  construction  of the  Project  and bear the  reasonable  costs  to  restore 

any  Roads  that  are  damaged  by  Operator  and/or  an  Operator  Agent  during  the 
hauling  of  materials  and/or  construction  of  the  Project  to  the  condition  enjoyed 

immediately  prior  to  such  damage  occurring,  to  the  extent  reasonably  possible; 

Provide plans  (“Transmission  Plans”) showing the planned location  of distribution 

and/or  transmission  lines  crossing  Roads  or  other  County-owned roads  to  County 

at  least  sixty  (60)  days  prior  to  Construction  Start  of  any  such  distribution  or 
transmission  lines.  The  County  may  object  to  the  location  of any  distribution  or 

transmission  lines  crossing  County  roads  by  providing  detailed  reasons  for  such 

objections  to  Operator, and  the  parties  shall  cooperate  to  revise  the  Transmission 

Plans  to  address  such  objections. 

Employ  dust  control  measures  to  limit  the  hazards  and  inconvenience  of  dust 

associated  with  Project  construction  on  the  Roads  when  under  use  during 

construction  of the  Project; 

Perform  all  work  in  a  good  and  workmanlike  manner  and  in  accordance  with 
construction  standards;  and 

109791500.7 

Pp. 

Comply  with  the  County’s  current,  reasonable  right  of way  use  permit,  rules  and 
regulations  a  copy of which shall  be provided  to  Operator at  Operator’s  request. 

County  Responsibilities.  The  County,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  this  Agreement, 
agrees  that  it  shall: 

a. 

Within  thirty  (30) days  following  the  Effective  Date  of this  Agreement,  designate  a 
County  representative  with  authority  to  represent  the  County  at  [insert  County 
phone number); 

Hire  a  civil  engineer  licensed  in  the  State  of Missouri  who  regularly  practices  and 
has  experience  in  roadway  construction  and  design  standards  and  is  mutually 
acceptable  to  Operator  and  the  County  (“Project  Engineer”),  the  reasonable  cost 
of which shall  be paid  for  by Operator. 

Within  thirty  (30)  days  following  receipt  of the  trafÏc  map  designating  the  Roads, 
meet  with  Operator to  amend  or approve the  trafÏc  map,  as  may be  necessary. 

Timely  perform  routine  and  regular  maintenance  of the  Roads  including:  grading, 
snow removal,  striping,  routine  signage,  and  regularly  scheduled  maintenance  and 
repair.  During the  construction  of the  Project,  Operator  shall  perform  maintenance 
as  necessary  of the  Roads,  as  necessary  and  at  its  own expense. 

Timely  review  all  Project-related  access  points  and  road  crossings  for  approval, 

which are  submitted  by Operator in  Exhibit B, pursuant  to  the  requirements  of this 

Agreement; 

Timely  review  plans  for  all Project-related  utility  encroachments  on  County rights - 

of way for  approval;  which are  submitted  by Operator  in  accordance  with  Exhibit 

B, pursuant  to  the  requirements  of this  Agreement; 

Review  proposed  revisions  to  Exhibit  B  and  the  final  location  of Road  crossings 

and  access  points,  as  revisions  are  submitted  to  the  County  by  or  on  behalf  of 

Operator  for  approval  or denial  within  twenty-four  (24)  hours  of submittal; 

Hereby  grant  to  Operator  and  its  Agents  a  non-exclusive  right  to  enter  upon  and 

utilize  the  surface  of  the  Designated  Roads  and  rights  of way  for  the  purposes 

specified  in this  Agreement.  In addition  to the  surface  use  of the  Roads, the  County 

hereby grants  to  the  Operator  and  its  Agents  a non-exclusive  license,  interest,  right 

and privilege  to utilize  the Designated Roads forthe operation,  maintenance,  repair, 

or  decommissioning  of the  Project  and  the  for  the  siting,  installation,  operation, 

repair,  maintenance,  or  repowering  of facilities  that  benefit  the  Project  including, 

but  not limited  to,  Cables,  distribution  lines,  electrical  or data transmission  lines  or 

other facilities  or utilities  as  may be beneficial for the  operation  of the  Project; 

Provide  any  documentation,  maps,  surveys,  and  engineering  plans  for  existing 
culverts,  drainage,  road improvements,  and utility  installations  to  Operator that  the 

County  may  have  in  its  possession.  Nothing  in  the  preceding  sentence  shall  be 

109791500.7 

5 

construed  to  obligate  the  County to  provide  any  drawings  or  documentation  that  it 
does not  currently  possess; 

following  Construction  Start, 

If, 
the  Project  Engineer  and  the  Operator 
Representative  determine  that  damage  to  any Roads  has  occurred  as a  direct  result 
of Operator’s construction  activities,  the  County shall  perform  the necessary  repairs 
and  invoice Operator  for the  reasonable,  documented  cost of those  repairs,  together 
with  demonstrable  evidence  of the  damage  and  the  repairs  performed.  Operator 
must  pay  any undisputed  invoice  submitted  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  receipt.  If 
the  County  performs  repairs,  Operator  has  no  further  obligation  to  repair  the 
affected  portion  of the  Roads unless  Operator thereafter  causes  additional  damage 
to  that  portion  of the  Roads. Any dispute  regarding  the  existence,  cause,  scope,  or 
cost  of the  damage  or  repairs  remains  subject  to  the  dispute  resolution  provisions 
of this  Agreement. 

Planning  Inventory 

a. 

Road Inventory 

: 

Pre-Construction  Inventory.  Prior  to  Construction  Start,  Operator  shall 

perform  a  survey  to  record  the  condition  of  the  pavement  surface  and 

subgrade  of roads  which  will be  used  in  the  transport  of equipment  to  the 

Project  and  to  assess  the  roads  and  provide  a  written  report  of  such 

inspection  (“Inspection  Report’)  to  County.  The  Inspection  Report  may 

include  information  and  findings  from  other  third-party  consultants  hired 

by  Operator.  During  this  survey,  photographs  may  be  taken,  all  of which 

shall  be  provided  to  the  County  that  clearly  identifies  each  road  segment. 

All  costs  associated  with  the  Pre-Construction  Inventory  shall  be  borne 

solely  by Operator. 

il. 

Post-Construction  Inventory 

(1) 

The County  shall  repair the  Designated  Roads to  the  condition  they 

were  in  or better  prior  to  the  damage  caused  by construction  of the 
Project.  Upon  completion  of  construction  of  each  phase  of  the 

Project,  if applicable,  representatives  of the  County  and  Operator 

will  perform  a  post-construction  inventory,  the  methods  of which 

shall  be similar  to  those  of the  Pre-Construction  Inventory  described 

above.  The  two  sets  of  pre-  and  post-construction  data  will  be 
compared  and  if there  is  any  wheel  lane  rutting,  cracking  or  other 

damage  in  excess  of the  original  survey,  the  County  and  Operator 
will  determine  the  extent  of the  repairs  or  improvements  needed  to 
return  the roads to  a pre-construction  condition.  All costs  associated 

with  the  Post-Construction  Inventory  shall  be  borne  solely  by 

Operator. 

109791500.7 

(2) 

The  County  shall  undertake  any  and  all  repairs  necessary  to  return 

the  roads  to  a  pre-construction  condition,  and  Operator  shall 

reimburse  the  County  for  the  reasonable,  actual,  and  documented 

costs  of such  repairs.  Within  fifteen  (15)  calendar  days  following 

the  completion  of the  Post-Construction  Inventory,  the  County  shall 

provide  notice  to  Operator  identifying  those  repairs  which  the 

County  has  determined  are  required  to  be  performed 

(“Post- 

Construction  Repair  Notice”)  together  with  the  County’s  good 

faith  estimate  of the  cost  of such  repairs  and  the  expected  date  by 

which  such  repairs  shall  be  completed.  Within  fifteen  (15)  days 

following  the completion  of repairs,  the  County shall  provide a post- 

construction  completion  notice  to  the  Operator  (the  “Notice  of 

Completion’). 

b. 

Routing  and  Access  Approval.  As  soon  as  practical  after  execution  of  this 

Agreement  and  as  necessary  throughout  the  construction  of the  Project,  Operator 

and  County  shall  meet  to  discuss  routing  for  the  transportation  of equipment  to  the 

Project,  Project-related  access  points,  road  crossings,  Cable  locations,  and  water 

and  wastewater  infrastructure  and the  County  shall  review  in  compliance  with  the 

requirements  of this Agreement. 

om 

Load Violations.  On the  first  notice  of violation,  Operator shall promptly  work with 

Operator’s  Agents  and  County  to  address  and  correct  any  Load  Violation.  If  a 

second  Load  Violation  occurs,  Operator  shall  pay  to  County  the  sum  of $2,000 

within  fifteen  (15)  calendar  days  following  notice  of such  Load Violation  as  a  fine 

for such  second  Load Violation.  Ifa third  Load Violation  occurs,  that  portion  of the 

road on which the  third  Load Violation  occurred  shall  be  treated  with  160  tons  of | 

Ye 

inch  MGS  aggregate  per  mile  prior  to  the  County  accepting  any  Post- 

Construction  Repairs  to  such  Designated  Road.  The  County  shall  be  required  to 

verify  that  any  load  violations  are 

in  connection  with  Operator’s  use  of  the 

Designated  Roads  in  connection  with the  Project. 

4. 

Road  Repair  Dispute.  If Operator  disputes  any  required  Designated  Road repairs  and  the 

parties  are  unable  to  resolve  the  dispute,  the  parties  may  submit  the  dispute  to  a mutually 

agreeable  neutral  engineer,  who  shall  conduct  an  on-site  inspection  (if  necessary)  and 

review  the  Inspection  Report  and  submit  its  findings  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  of 

submission  of  the  dispute  by  the  parties.  Operator  shall  bear  the  costs  of the  neutral 

engineer.  If the  neutral  engineer  finds  that  repairs  to  the  Designated  Roads  are  required 

under  the  terms  of this  Agreement,  the  County  shall  undertake  or  cause  such  repairs  to  be 

completed  in  accordance  with  the  neutral  engineer’s  findings  and  shall  invoice  Operator 

for  the  reasonable,  actual,  and  documented  costs  of such  repairs.  Operator  shall  rezmburse 

the  County  for  such  invoiced  amount  within  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  after  receipt  of the 

invoice.  If Operator fails  to  ttmely  reimburse  the  County, the  County may  draw on the Post- 

Construction  Repair  Security  for the  unpaid  amount  of such  costs.  Nothing  in this  Section 

shall  be  construed  as  a waiver  of either  party’s  right  to  bring  a  claim  at  law  or  in  equity  at 

any  tume. 

109791500.7 

5. 

Indemnification  and  Insurance. 

a. 

Indemnity.  Operator  hereby  agrees  to  indemnify,  defend  and  hold  harmless  the 
County  and  its  respective  ofÏcers,  employees,  elected  or  appointed  ofÏcials,  and 
their  respective  successors  and  assigns 
from  any  and  all  loss  or  damage,  claims, 
demands,  liability,  fines, penalties,  liens,  actions,  causes  of action,  and  suits  against 
the  County, respectively,  asserted  by a  third-party  by reason of bodily injuries,  death 
or  material  damage  to  tangible  property  including,  without  limitation,  claims  for 
attorneys’  fees,  professional  fees,  court  costs,  expenses,  and  disbursements  to  the 

extent  directly  or  indirectly  arising  out  of  Operator’s  or  Operators  Agents’  (i) 

negligence,  willful  or  intentional  conduct  of  Operator  or  any  of  its  employees, 

agents,  contractors  or  subcontractors 

in  the  construction  and  operation  of  the 

Project;  and  (ii)  Operator’s  failure  to  comply  with  any  applicable 

law,  rule, 

regulation  or permit;  and  (iii)  Operator’s  construction  or  work relating  to  the  Road 

Improvement  Plan,  installation  or  maintenance  of  distribution  and  transmission 

lines,  performance  of work during  construction,  obligations  under  this  Agreement, 

Post-Construction  Repair,  maintenance  during  operations,  use  of  any  easement 

granted  pursuant  to  this Agreement,  and  any  dangerous  conditions  created  by  any 

or  all  of these  activities;  and  (iv)  Operator’s  breach  of its  obligations  under  this 

Agreement.  Operator  shall,  at  its  own cost  and  expenses,  defend  any  claim  which 

may  be  asserted  or  commenced  by a  third  party  against  County,  or  its  employees 

and  agents  by reason  thereof and  shall  pay  and  satisfy  (a)  all judgments  which may 

be  rendered  in  any  such  claim,  subject  to  County’s  sovereign,  governmental,  and 

ofÏcial  immunity;  and  (b)  all  related  costs  and  expenses,  including  reasonable 

attorneys’  fees,  professional  fees,  court  cost  expenses  and  disbursements,  and  shall 

keep  any  and  all  County roads  and property  free  and unencumbered  of any  charge 

or  lien  arising  in  connection  with  Operator’s  actions  under  this  Agreement.  This 
indemnity  shall  not  apply  to  damages  to  the  extent  caused  by  the  negligence  or 

intentional  misconduct  of  the  County  or  its  ofÏcers,  employees,  or  agents. 
Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary,  each  party  will  be  responsible  to  the 

extent  permitted  by  law,  for  injuries  occurring  to  or  damages  suffered  by  their 
respective  employees  or  for  worker’s  compensation  claims  filed  by  their  own 

employees. 

Required  Insurance.  Operator  shall  upon  commencement  of construction  of the 
Project  and  for  the  period  that  the  Project  is  operating  until  decommissioning, 

in  full  force  and  effect  commercial  general  liability 

insurance,  in  the 
maintain 
aggregate  amount  equal 
($3,000,000);  workers’ 
compensation  in amounts  required by law;  and automotive  insurance,  in the  amount 

to  Three  Million  Dollars 

equal  to  One  Million  Dollars  ($1,000,000)  aggregate  and  each  occurrence. 
Operator may utilize  any combination  of primary  and/or excess  insurance  to  satisfy 

this  requirement  and may  satisfy  this  requirement  under existing  insurance  policies 
for the Project.  Operator shall provide County with evidence of such insurance upon 
request by County. 

109791500.7 

The  insurance  amounts  required  by this  section  shall  be  increased  annually  by an  amount  equal  to 

the percentage change in  the annual average  of the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers 

(CPI-U) or zero, whichever  is  greater, as  defined  in  2026. 

6. 

Release of Security.  Subject  to  any conditions  allowing  County to  retain  Post-Construction 

Repair  Security  pursuant  to  this  Agreement,  the  County  shall  release  the  Post-Construction 

Repair  Security  within  three  (3)  business  days  after  the  earliest  to  occur  of the  following 

(i)  thirty  (30)  calendar  days  after  Operator  receives  notice  that  the  County  has  completed 

its  post-construction  repairs,  provided  Operator  has  not  objected  to  any  such  repairs,  or 

lack thereof,  to  the County  or (11)  the date  on which the  neutral  engineer delivers  its  findings 

that  the  road repairs  are  sufÏcient. 

Agreement  and Project  Scope.  This Agreement  shall  specifically  apply only to  the  Project 

described,  and any authorizations,  approvals,  rights,  or interests  shall  be limited  to  the  data 

center project which is described  in this  Agreement and the  preliminary  transportation  route 

attached  as  Exhibit  B,  and  shall  not  include  authorization,  approval,  rights,  or interests  in 

Operator  with respect  to  any  other  project  or facility. 

Miscellaneous 

a. 

Remedies  and Enforcement.  The Parties  acknowledge that  money damages  would 

not  be  an  adequate  remedy  for  any breach  or threatened  breach  of this  Agreement. 

Each  of the  parties  hereto  covenant  and  agree  that  in  the  event  of default  of any of 

the  terms,  provisions or conditions  of this  Agreement by any Party  (the  “Defaulting 

Party’),  which default is  not caused by the  Party  seeking  to  enforce  said  provisions 

(the  “Non-Defaulting  Party”)  and  after  notice  and  reasonable  opportunity  to  cure 

has  been  provided  to  the  Defaulting  Party,  then  in  such  an  event,  the  Non- 

Defaulting  Party  shall  have the right  to  seek  specific  performance  and/or  injunctive 

relief to  remedy  or prevent any breach or threatened  breach of this  Agreement.  The 
remedies  of specific  performance  and/or  injunctive  relief shall  not be  exclusive  of 

any  other  remedy  available  at  law  or  in  equity. 
In  the  event  the  Non-Defaulting 
Party  is  the prevailing  party  in a  lawsuit seeking  to  enforce the  terms  and  conditions 

of this  Agreement,  it  shall  be  entitled  to  its  reasonable  attorney’s  fees  and  costs. 

Due Authorization.  Operator  hereby  represents  and  warrants  that  this  Agreement 
has  been  duly  authorized,  executed  and  delivered  on  behalf  of  Operator.  The 

County  hereby  represents,  and  warrants  that  this  Agreement  has  been  duly 

authorized,  executed and  delivered  on behalf of the  County. 

Severability.  If any  provision  of this  Agreement  proves  to  be  illegal,  invalid,  or 
unenforceable,  the  remainder  of  this  Agreement  will  not  be  affected  by  such 
finding,  and  in  lieu  of each  provision  of this  Agreement  that  is  illegal,  invalid,  or 

unenforceable  a  provision  shall  be  deemed  added  as  may  be possible  to  accurately 
reflect  the  intentions  of the  Parties  and  so  as  to  make  the  unenforceable  provision 

legal,  valid,  and  enforceable. 

b. 

C. 

109791500.7 

Amendments.  This Agreement  constitutes  the  entire  agreement  and  understanding 
of the  parties  and  supersedes  all  offers,  negotiations  and  other  agreements.  There 
are  no  representations  or  understandings  of  any  kind  not  set  forth  herein.  No 
amendment  or  modification 
to  this  Agreement  or  waiver  of  a  Party’s  rights 
hereunder  shall  be  binding  unless  it  shall  be  in  writing  and  signed  by  both  Parties 
to  this 

Agreement. 

Notices.  All notices  shall  be  in writing  and  sent  (including  via facsimile  and  email 
transmission)  to  the  Parties  hereto  at their  respective  addresses,  email  addresses,  or 
fax numbers  (or to such  other address,  email  addresses,  or fax number as either  such 
Party  shall  designate  in  writing  to  the  other  Party  at any  time). 

Operator: 

Nader Pakfar 

c/o  Crusoe  Technologies  LLC 

225  Fillmore  Street,  Ste 400 

Denver, CO  80206 

legal@crusoe.ai 

npakfar(@crusoe.ai 

and 

Alan Claus  Anderson 
Polsinelli  PC,  900  W  48" Place,  Suite  900 

Kansas  City, MO  64112 

(816)  572-4761 

aanderson@polsinelli.com 

County: 

Callaway County 

10  East  Sth  Street,  Fulton,  MO  65251 

Attn:  County Clerk 

Phone Number:  (573)  642-0730 

Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  any  number  of counterparts, 

each  of which  shall  be  deemed  an  original,  with  the  same  effect  as  if the  signatures 

thereto  and hereto  were  upon the  instrument.  Delivery  of an  executed  counterpart 

of a  signature  page  to  this  Agreement  by  electronic  mail  shall  be  as  effective  as 

delivery  of an  originally  signed  counterpart  to  this  Agreement. 

Governing  Law;  Venue.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and  interpreted  in 
accordance  with  the  laws  of the  State  of Missouri,  irrespective  of any  conflict  of 

laws  provisions.  Both  parties  desire  that  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  be 
effected  and carried  out in  a  manner  that is  in compliance  with  all laws.  The parties 

109791500.7 

10 

agree  that  any 
lawsuit  relating  to  the  enforcement  or  interpretation  of  this 
Agreement  shall  be  exclusively  in the  Circuit  Court of Callaway County, Missouri 
and the  parties  expressly  consent  to  the jurisdiction  thereof. 

Successor  and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall  inure  to  the  benefit  of and  shall  be 
binding  upon  the  Parties  hereto,  their  respective  successors,  assignees,  and  legal 
representatives. 

Assignment.  Developer may  assign  this  Agreement,  in  whole  or  in  part,  without 
the  consent  or  approval  of  County,  provided  that  Developer  gives  County  prior 
written  notice  of  such  assignment.  Any  assignee  of  Developer,  other  than  a 
collateral  assignee  in  connection  with  financing,  shall  agree  in  writing  to  assume 
and  be  bound  by  all  terms,  covenants,  and  obligations  of Developer  under  this 
Agreement  as  a  condition  to  such  assignment.  Developer  may  also,  upon  written 
notice  to  County  and  without  County’s  consent  or  approval,  mortgage,  charge, 
pledge,  collaterally  assign,  or otherwise  encumber and  grant security  interests  in all 
or  any  part  of its  interest  in  this  Agreement  for  purposes  of financing;  provided, 

however, that  in  no  event  shall  Developer  grant,  encumber,  or  otherwise  create  a 

security  interest  in  any  interest  or property  interest  of County.  Upon any permitted 

assignment,  the  assignee  shall  succeed  to  Developer’s  rights  and  obligations  under 

this  Agreement,  and this Agreement  shall be binding  upon and benefit  such assignee 

and  its  permitted  successors  and  assigns. 

Termination.  Operator  shall  have  the  nght  to  terminate  this  Agreement  prior  to 

beginning  construction  of the  Project  by  providing  thirty  (30)  days’  prior  written 

notice  to  the  County.  Operator  shall  not  terminate  this  Agreement,  absent  consent 

by the  County, when the  construction  and  operation  of the  Project  are  still  ongoing. 

If any  Term of this  Agreement  is  found  to  be void  or  invalid,  such  invalidity  shall 

not affect the  remaining  Terms of this Agreement,  which  shall continue  in  full force 

and  effect. 

Failure  of  County  or  Operator  to 

insist  on  strict  performance  of  any  of  the 

conditions  or  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  or  to  exercise  any  of  their  nights 

hereunder, shall  not waive  such  rights. 

Whenever  in  this  Agreement  the  approval or  consent  of either  County  or Operator 

is  required  or  contemplated,  unless  otherwise  specifically  stated,  such  approval  or 

consent shall  not be made  the  subject  of  a  demand  for additional  compensation,  nor 

otherwise  unreasonably  conditioned,  withheld  or  delayed. 

In  any  litigation  arising  from  or  related  to  this  Agreement,  the  parties  hereto  each 

hereby knowingly, voluntarily  and intentionally  waive the  right  each may have to  a 
trial  by jury  with respect  to  any  litigation  based  hereon,  or  arising  out of,  under  or 

in  connection  with this  Agreement. 

[remainder of page  intentionally  left  blank] 

[signatures  begin  on following page] 

109791500.7 

11 

109791500.7 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this  Agreement  to be executed in their 

respective  names  by their duly authorized  ofÏcers. 

OPERATOR: 

[ 
al 

1, 
]  limited  liability  company 

109791500.7 

13 

COUNTY: 

CALLAWAY COUNTY, MISSOURI 

By: 

Name: 

Gary Jungermann,  County Commissioner 

By: 

Name: 

Curtis Warfield,  County Commissioner 

By: 

Name: 

Christopher  Scott,  County Commissioner 

ATTEST: 

By: 

Ronda Miller, County Clerk 

109791500.7 

14 

EXHIBIT A 

Project Boundary 

0-00-000-002.000 

04-07/0-36'0-00s000%00 1001 

04-07 .0-36.0-00-000-104  900 

03-09.0-3 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.000 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.002 

-01.0-01'0-00-000-004 002 

003.000) 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.000 

07-01,0-01.0-00,000-004.001 

109791500.7 

15 

EXHIBIT B 

Preliminary  Transportation  Route 

[To be  Provided ] 

109791500.7 

16 

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (this  “Agreement”) is  made  and  entered into  this 

day  of 
,  2026  (the  “Effective  Date”),  by  and  between  the  Board  of  County 
Commissioners  for  Jasper  County,  Missouri  (“County”)  and  [Special  Project  Entity],  a  [State] 
limited  liability  company  (“Developer”).  The  County  and  Developer  are  sometimes  referred  to 
herein  individually as  a  “Party”  and  collectively  as  the  “Parties”. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Developer  controls  approximately  two  hundred  and  twelve  (212)  acres  of 

unimproved  real  property  located  in  the  County,  as  legally  described  on  the  attached  Exhibit  A 

(the  “Property’’); 

WHEREAS, Developer is  developing a  data center facility, consisting  of one  or more  data 

center buildings,  a private  substation, and  other facilities  for the delivery of power to and operation, 

maintenance  and replacement,  from time to time, of computer systems  and associated  components, 

such  as  telecommunications  and storage  systems,  cooling  systems,  power supplies  and  systems  for 

managing  property  performance  (including  generators),  and  related 

improvements  such  as 

equipment  used  for  distribution  and  management  of electricity,  internet-related  equipment,  data 

communications  connections,  environmental  controls  and  security  devices,  structures  and  site 

features,  as  well  as  accessory  uses  or  buildings  reasonably  related to  data centers,  including  non- 

permanent  structures  to  support  construction  efforts,  including  job  trailers,  housing  and  support 

buildings  for  construction  (the  “Project’’)  to  be  located  on  privately-owned  land  within  that part 
of the  County  shown on the  attached  Exhibit  B  (the  “Project Boundary”’);  and 

WHEREAS,  the  County  intends,  through  this  Agreement,  to  consider  the  orderly 

development,  construction,  operation,  and maintenance  of the  Project  in  the  County, pursuant  to 
the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in this  Agreement;  and 

WHEREAS, upon execution  of this Agreement,  the  County acknowledges and agrees  that 
all  County  permits  and  approvals  required  for  the  Project  have  been  granted  and  substantial 
amounts  of work have been  completed; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants,  agreements,  and  promises 
herein  contained  and  other  good  and valuable  consideration  the receipt  and  sufÏciency  of which 

are  hereby acknowledge, the  Parties  agree  as  follows: 

Is 

RECITALS 

The  recitals  set  forth  above  constitute  a  material  part  of this  Agreement  and  are  incorporated 

herein.  The  Parties  confirm the  accuracy,  truth  and  validity of said  recitals. 

Ds 

COUNTY APPROVAL AND FUTURE COOPERATION 

a. 

COUNTY CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. 

110145436.7 

1. 

Unless  otherwise  provided  herein,  whenever the  consents  or  approvals  of 
the  County, or any of its  employees,  consultants,  attorneys,  ofÏcers,  agents, 
or representatives  are required  to be secured or obtained by Developer under 

the  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  the  same  shall  not  be  unreasonably 

conditioned,  withheld,  or  delayed.  The  County  will  reasonably  cooperate 

with  Developer 

in 

the  development, 

construction,  operation,  and 

maintenance,  of  the  Project  and 

issue  all  permits,  approvals,  and 

authorizations  required  by  local  regulations  or  other  law,  if any,  provided 

Developer  files  compliant  applications,  pays  all  applicable 

fees,  and 

complies  with  all  the  requirements  specified  in  this Agreement. 

il. 

The  County  acknowledges,  understands  and  agrees  that  the  development 

process  associated  with the  Project will  take  significant  time  and requires  a 

substantial  investment  by  the  Developer. Therefore,  in  order  to  induce  the 

Developer  to  make  this  commitment  and  investment,  the  County  hereby 

agrees  that  it  approves  and  authorizes  the  Developer  to  construct  and 

operate  the  Project  in  the  County.  The  County  acknowledges,  understands 

and  agrees 

that 

the  Developer  will  undertake  significant  financial 

investment  in reasonable  reliance  on the  County’s  promises  and  obligations 

under  the  Definitive  Agreements.  The  County  agrees  that  the  Developer’s 

rights  to  construct  and  operate  the  Project  for  the  stated  use  vest  upon  the 

execution  of this  Agreement.  The  County  acknowledges  and  agrees  that 

there  are  currently  no  local  laws,  requirements,  regulations,  permits,  or 

approvals  applicable  to  the  construction  or  operation  of  the  Project.  The 

County  agrees  that  if  at  any  time  in  the  future  any  laws,  requirements, 

regulations,  permits  or approvals  are  enacted  that  would  otherwise  prevent 

or limit  the  Developer’s construction  or operation  of the  Project,  the  Project 

shall  be  grandfathered  for  purposes  of compliance  with  such  future  laws, 

requirements,  regulations,  permits,  or  approvals  and  the  Project  shall  be 
allowed  to  be  developed  or  to  continue  operations  in  the  County.  In  the 

event the County  adopts  zoning regulations,  the County  shall provide in said 
zoning  regulations  that  the  use  of  the  Property  for  the  Project  and  the 

operation  of the  Project  shall  be  vested.  The County shall  expressly  exempt 

or exclude the  Project  from any future  franchise  fees  or similar  assessments 
that  could  potentially  impact  the  Project. 

FUTURE COOPERATION.  The  Parties  shall  cooperate  with  one  another  on  an 
ongoing  basis  and  shall  make  every  reasonable  effort  (including  the  holding  of 
hearings  or  meetings  and the  adoption  of such  resolutions  as  may  be  necessary)  to 

further  the  implementation  of this  Agreement  and  the  intentions  of the  Parties  as 
reflected  by  the  provisions  of this  Agreement.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing,  in 

the  event  that  the  County  adopts  any  zoning  or other  laws  after  the  Effective  Date 
that would make  the development,  construction,  operation,  repair, replacement,  and 
maintenance  of the  Project  a nonconforming  use  under  such  zoning  or  other  laws, 

or  that  would otherwise  materially  interfere  with  such  development,  construction, 
operation, 
the 
decommissioning  of the  Project,  the  County  agrees  that  it  will  take  such  actions, 

repair,  replacement,  and  maintenance  of  the  Project,  or 

110145436.7 

Z 

adopt  such  ordinances  and  do  such  other  things  as  are  necessary  to  exempt  or 
exclude  the  Property  and  the  Project  from  such  zoning  or  other  laws.  The County 

acknowledges  and  agrees  that,  upon  execution  of  this  Agreement,  all  County 

permits  and  approvals  required  for  the  Project  have been granted.  The Parties  shall 

negotiate  in  good  faith  the  use  of tax  certainty  and  incentive  programs,  including 

by way of example  and not limitation  the  Chapter  100  bond program,  to  assist  with 

the  tax  treatment  of the  Project,  subject  to  the  requirements  of applicable  law  and 

all  statutorily  mandated  legislative  approvals 

3. 

TERM 

Unless  extended by mutual  agreement  of the Parties,  earlier  terminated, or the Project  ceases  to be 

in  commercial  operation,  the  terms  set  forth in  this  Agreement  and  all  County  approvals  relating 

thereto  shall  extend  for a period  of fifty (50) years  from the  Effective Date. 

4. 

DEVELOPMENT REQUIREMENTS 

a. 

DEFINITIVE  AGREEMENTS.  Concurrently  with 

the  execution  of  this 

Agreement,  Developer  shall  enter 

into  a  Road  Use  Agreement  (“Road  Use 

Agreement’)  with  the  County  regarding  the  Project  (collectively  with  this 

Agreement,  the  “Definitive  Agreements’’). 

b. 

SITING TERMS. 

i. 

Setbacks.  The  Project  shall  comply  with  the  following  setbacks.  The 
exterior  walls  of any  data  center  buildings  shall  be  set  back a  minimum  of 

25  feet  from  public  roads  and  from  the  property 

lines  of  any  non- 

participating  parcels  that  are  used primarily  for residential  purposes.  There 

will  be  a  minimum  15-foot  setback  requirement  from  the  property  line  for 

all  other  adjacent  uses.  As  used  in  this  Agreement,  the  terms  “non- 

participant”  and  “non-participating”  shall  describe  those  persons  and  their 

respective  property with  whom Developer or its  afÏliates  or assigns  has  not 

entered  into  any  such  contractual  agreements  for  the  benefit  of the  Project. 
The  setbacks  and  height  requirements  set  forth  in  this  Agreement  can  be 

modified  with the  written  consent  of both  Developer and  the  County. 

il. 

Lighting.  Developer  shall  minimize  the  number  of street  lights,  building 

lighting  and  lighting  surrounding  the  Project  to  the  extent practical. 

ill. 

Fencing.  Developer shall  enclose  the  Project with a security  fence  of at least 

8  feet  in  height.  The  fencing  may  consist  of materials  including,  but  not 

limited  to,  iron  and  barbed  wire,  chain  link,  or  wrought  iron.  Developer 

shall,  throughout  the  Term,  reasonably  maintain  any  fencing 

it  or  its 

afÏliates  erect. 

G. 

UTILITIES. 

1. 

Water  and Wastewater. 

110145436.7 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

Developer  shall  comply  with  applicable  Missouri  law  governing 
water  withdrawal,  use,  and  supply, 
including  any  applicable 
Missouri  Department  of  Natural  Resources  requirements  and,  if 
applicable,  Major  Water  User 
reporting 

registration 

and 

requirements. 

Developer  shall  develop a  data  center  that  is  “air-cooled,”  meaning 
that  any  process  cooling  water  shall  be  in  a  closed  loop  system 
which is  cooled by fan-driven  air, not  water. 

Developer shall  pay for  all  on-site  and  off-site  upgrades  required  to 
provide  water and  wastewater utility  service  to  the  Project. 

MAINTENANCE.  Developer  shall  cause  the  Project,  and  all  parts  thereof,  the 
Project  Site  and  all other  of its  property  used  or useful in  the  conduct  of its  business 
and  operations  on  the  Project  Site,  to  be  maintained,  preserved  and  kept  in  good 
repair  and working  order  and  in  a  safe  condition,  consistent  at  all  times  with other 

comparably-situated  similar  data  center  space  in  the  State  of Missouri,  and  shall 

make  all  repairs,  renewals,  replacements  and  improvements  necessary  for  the  safe, 

efÏcient,  and  advantageous  conduct  of its  business  and  operations  on  the  Project 

Site.  Developer  may  elect  to  construct  additional  buildings  for  the  Project  within 

the  Property. 

INSURANCE. Developer shall,  upon commencement  of construction  of the  Project 

and  for  the  period  of construction  of the  Project,  maintain  in  full  force  and  effect, 

commercial  general  liability 

insurance,  naming  Callaway  County  as  additional 

insured, 

in  the  aggregate  amount  equal  to  five  million  Dollars  ($5,000,000). 

Developer  may  utilize  any  combination  of primary  and/or  excess  insurance  to 

satisfy  this  requirement  and may  satisfy  this  requirement  under  existing  insurance 

policies  for  the  Project.  Upon  written  request  by  the  County,  Developer  shall 

provide a  certificate  of insurance  evidencing  the  insurance  limits  and  coverage  to 

County. 

EMERGENCY  SERVICES,  FIRE  PROTECTION,  AND  HAZARDOUS 

MATERIALS. 

1, 

Developer  or  its  afÏliate  shall  work  in  cooperation  with  the  Callaway 
County  Emergency  Management  Director  to  establish  standards  for  fire 

protection  and  emergency  response. 

il. 

Developer  or  its  afÏliate  shall  work  in  cooperation  with  the  Callaway 

County  Emergency  Management  Director  to  establish  standards  for  the 

proper  storage  and handling  of hazardous  materials. 

iil. 

Developer  or  its  afÏliate  shall  work  in  cooperation  with  the  County  to 

establish  911  addresses  for the  Project. 

110145436.7 

Iv. 

Developer shall prepare an  emergency response plan  (the  “ERP”), including 
current  Developer  contact  information,  and  shall  provide  the  plan  to  the 
County prior to  the  commencement  of commercial  operations  of the  Project. 
The Developer shall  review  the  ERP annually  and  update  it  as  appropriate. 
If the  ERP is  updated,  the  Developer shall  promptly  share  the  updated ERP 
with the  County.  Copies  of the  ERP shall  be  maintained  at an  approved  on- 
site  location  accessible  to  facility  personnel,  the  local  fire  department,  and 
emergency  responders,  which  should  be  outside  the  perimeter  fence. 

Developer will maintain  additional  emergency  procedures as  set forth  in  the 
Road Use Agreement. 

g. 

h. 

REIMBURSEMENTS  TO  THE  COUNTY.  Developer  or 
its  afÏliate  will 
reimburse  the  County  for  fees  related  to  reasonable  professional  services  (e.g., 
engineering,  accounting  and  legal)  provided the  services  are  actually  rendered  and 
the  professional  and  reasonable  documentation  is  provided  to  Developer  by  the 
County as  set  forth  in  the  Definitive  Agreements. 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  Developer  and  its  afÏliates  shall  comply  with  all 
federal  and  state  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  the  construction  and  operation 

of the  Project,  including: 

1. 

il. 

Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Administration  statutes  and regulations; 

United  States  Fish  and Wildlife  Service  statutes  and  regulations,  including 

those pertaining  to  impacts  on  endangered or threatened  species  or habitats, 

if any; 

iil. 

U.S.  Army  Corps  of  Engineers  statutes  and  regulations,  including  those 

pertaining  to  impacts  on jurisdictional  wetlands,  if any; 

iv. 

Environmental  Protection  Agency  statutes  and regulations,  including  those 

pertaining  to  environmental  impacts,  if any; 

Consultations  with  the  Missouri  Department  of Natural  Resources  for  any 

required  permits; 

V1. 

Consultations  with  the  Missouri  Department  of  Transportation  for  any 

required  permits; 

Vil. 

Coordination  with  Callaway County Water District  regarding necessary  and 

required  improvements  for the  Project;  and 

Vill. 

Any  other  applicable  regulations  promulgated  by  these  and  any  other 

federal  and  state  agencies,  as  required  for permitting  of the  Project. 

2. 

NOTICES. 

110145436.7 

All notices,  requests and  other communications  provided for herein  (including  any modifications, 
or  waivers  or  consents  under  this  Agreement)  shall  be  given  or  made  in  writing  (including  by 
electronic mail)  delivered to the intended recipient at the address set forth below or, as to any party, 
at such  other address as  shall  be  designated by such  party  in  a notice to the  other party.  Except as 
otherwise  provided  herein,  all  notices  and  communications  shall  be  deemed  to  have  been  duly 
given  when  transmitted  by  electronic  mail  with  confirmation  of  receipt  received,  personally 
delivered,  or  in  the  case  of a  mailed  notice,  upon  receipt,  in  each  case  given  or  addressed  as 
provided  herein. 

To  Developer: 

Nader Pakfar 

c/o  Crusoe  Technologies  LLC 
225  Fillmore  Street,  Ste 400 
Denver, CO  80206 
legal@crusoe.ai 
npakfar@crusoe.ai 

Copy to: 

Alan Claus  Anderson 
Polsinelli  PC,  900  W 48" Place,  Suite  900 
Kansas  City, MO  64112 
(816)  572-4761 

aanderson@polsinelli.com 

To County: 

Callaway County 
10  E.  5"  Street,  Room  104 

Fulton,  MO  65251 

(573)  642-0730 

Attention:  County Clerk 

6. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

a. 

COUNTY.  The  County represents and warrants  that: 

1. 

ll. 

the  County has all  necessary power and authority  to execute  and deliver  this 
Agreement  and to  perform  its  obligations  hereunder; 

upon  execution  and  delivery  by the  County and  Developer, this  Agreement 
shall  be  a  valid,  legal,  binding  and  enforceable  obligation  of  the  County 
enforceable  against  the  County  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  subject  to  any 

applicable  laws of bankruptcy,  insolvency  or reorganization,  laws  affecting 

the  enforcement  of  creditors’  rights  generally,  and  general  principles  of 
equity; 

110145436.7 

11. 

IV. 

no  approval  or  consent  from  any  other  person  or  entity  is  required  for  the 
County’s  execution  of this  Agreement;  and 

this  Agreement  is  executed by duly authorized  representatives  of the  County 
who are  fully  authorized  to  execute this  Agreement on behalf of the  County. 

b. 

DEVELOPER.  Developer represents and  warrants  that: 

1. 

1. 

Developer has  all  necessary  power and authority  to  execute  and  deliver  this 
Agreement  and to  perform  its  obligations  hereunder; 

upon  execution  and delivery  by  Developer and  the  County,  this  Agreement 
shall  be  a  valid,  legal,  binding  and  enforceable  obligation  of  Developer 
enforceable  against  Developer  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  subject  to  any 
applicable  laws  of bankruptcy,  insolvency  or reorganization,  laws  affecting 
the  enforcement  of  creditors’  rights  generally,  and  general  principles  of 
equity; 

iil. 

no  approval  or  consent  from  any  other  person  or  entity  is  required  for 

Developer’s  execution  of this  Agreement;  and 

IV. 

this  Agreement 

is  executed  by  a  duly  authorized  representative  of 

Developer, who  is  fully  authorized  to  execute  this  Agreement  on  behalf of 

Developer. 

fe 

DEFAULT PROVISIONS 

If either  Party  fails  to  observe  or  perform  any  material  condition or  provision  of this  Agreement 

for  sixty  (60)  days  after receiving  written notice  of such  failure  from  the  other  Party  (the  “Cure 

Period’’),  then the aggrieved Party shall  have the right to terminate  this Agreement upon thirty (30) 

days prior  notice  to  the  other  Party and  to  pursue  any  remedy  available  to  it  at  law  or  in  equity; 
provided however, that  for  so  long  as  the  delinquent  Party  is  diligently  attempting to  cure  such 

failure  and  the  failure  is,  in the  aggrieved  Party’s  discretion, reasonably  capable  of being  cured, a 
default under this  Section 7  shall not  be  deemed  to  have occurred. 

Notwithstanding the  foregoing,  a  Party’s  failure  to  observe  or  perform  any  material  condition or 

provision  of  this  Agreement  due  to  an  Excusable  Delay  shall  not  constitute  a  breach  of this 

Agreement.  For purposes  of this  Agreement,  “Excusable  Delay”  means  any  casualty  to  property 

or persons,  inclement  weather, epidemic  or pandemic, inability  to secure materials,  strikes  or labor 
disputes,  acts  of  God,  acts  of the  public  enemy  or  hostile  or  terrorist  action,  civil  commotion, 
and/or  governmental  actions,  restrictions,  regulations  or  controls,  including,  without  limitation, 

any failure or refusal of any governmental authority to timely issue  any required permit  or approval 
for  development  of the  Project  or  any  legal  action  or  proceeding  involving  any  such  required 

permit  or  approval  (whether  arising  out  of any  existing  laws  or  changes  in  laws,  including  any 
such  laws relating to annexation,  zoning,  platting, building  or other codes or ordinances applicable 
to development  and  construction of the  Project),  or any  other cause beyond  the reasonable control 

of that Party (other than financial  inability)  which affects development, construction, maintenance, 

110145436.7 

operation,  repair, replacement  or  decommissioning  of the  Project  (including,  without  limitation, 
any  of the  foregoing which affect  a  Party’s  contractors or subcontractors). 

8. 

SEVERABILITY 

In  the  event  that  any  term  or  provision  of  this  Agreement  is  deemed  to  be  invalid,  legal  or 
unenforceable in  any jurisdiction,  such  invalidity, illegality  or unenforceability  shall not affect any 
other  term  or  provision  of this  Agreement.  Upon  a  determination  that  any  term  or  provision  is 
invalid,  illegal  or unenforceable,  the  Parties  shall negotiate  in good faith to modify this Agreement 
to  effect  the  original  intent  of the  Parties  as  closely  as  possible  in  order  that  the  transactions 
contemplated  hereby be  consummated  as  originally  contemplated  to  the  greatest  extent possible. 

”. 

GOVERNING LAW 

This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  in  accordance  with  the  laws  of the  State  of 
Missouri  without  regard  to  the  conflict  of law principles thereof. 

10.  MISCELLANEOUS 

a. 

NO WAIVER.  The  failure  of either  Party  to  insist  in any  one  or  more  instances  on 

the  performance  of  any  of  the  obligations  required  by  the  other  under  this 

Agreement  shall  not  be  construed  as  a waiver or  relinquishment  of such  obligation 

or right  with respect  to  future  performance. 

HEADINGS.  The headings  used  in  this  Agreement  are  for  ease  of reference  only 

and shall  not in any way be construed  to  limit  or alter the  meanings  of any provision 

hereof. 

AMENDMENTS.  This Agreement  may  not  be  changed,  altered,  or  amended  in 

any way except  in writing  signed by a  duly  authorized  representative  of each  Party. 

Any oral or verbal agreements  between the  Parties  different  from  or in  conflict with 

the  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall  be  null  and  void  and  of no  force  or  effect 

where they  are  in  conflict  with the  written  provisions  of this  document. 

ASSIGNMENT.  Developer  may  assign  this  Agreement,  in  whole  or  in  part, 

without  the  consent  or  approval  of County,  provided  that  Developer  gives  County 

prior  written  notice  of such  assignment.  Any  assignee  of Developer, other  than  a 

collateral  assignee  in  connection  with  financing,  shall  agree  in  writing  to  assume 

and  be  bound  by  all  terms,  covenants,  and  obligations  of Developer  under  this 

Agreement  as  a  condition  to  such  assignment.  Developer  may  also,  upon  written 

notice  to  County  and  without  County’s  consent  or  approval,  mortgage,  charge, 

pledge,  collaterally  assign,  or otherwise  encumber and  grant security  interests  in  all 

or  any  part  of its  interest  in  this  Agreement  for  purposes  of financing;  provided, 

however, that  in  no  event  shall  Developer  grant,  encumber,  or  otherwise  create  a 

security  interest  in  any interest  or property  interest  of County.  Upon any permitted 
assignment,  the  assignee  shall  succeed  to  Developer’s  rights  and  obligations  under 

this  Agreement,  and this Agreement  shall be binding upon and benefit  such assignee 
and  its  permitted  successors  and assigns. 

110145436.7 

8 

INTERPRETATION.  This Agreement  was  prepared  with  substantial  input  from 

both  Parties  and  their  respective 

legal  counsel;  no  phrase,  sentence,  clause, 

provision  or section  of this  Agreement shall  be  construed  against  a  Party  as a  result 

of such  Party’s  legal  counsel  having  acted  as  the  primary  drafter  thereof. 

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement shall be  binding upon  and  inure 

to  the  benefit  of the  successors,  assigns,  trustees  and/or  receivers  of the  Parties 

hereto. 

COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be  executed in one  or more  counterparts, 

each  of which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but  all of which  shall  constitute  one  and 

the  same  instrument. 

TIME  IS  OF THE ESSENCE.  Time  is  of the  essence  of this  Agreement,  and  of 

each  and  every provision  hereof,  and the  Parties  shall  make  every reasonable  effort 

to  expedite  the  subject  matters  hereof and to  perform  their  respective  obligations. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK; 

SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW. | 

110145436.7 

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOPF,  the  Parties  have  caused  the  Agreement  to  be  executed  in  their 

respective  names  by  their  duly  authorized  representatives  and  dated  their  signatures  as  shown 

below, to  be  effective as  of the  Effective Date. 

DEVELOPER: 

]  limited  liability  company 

] 

[ 
a  [ 

By: 

Name: 

Date 

110145436.7 

10 

THE COUNTY: 

COUNTY COMMISSIONERS OF  CALLAWAY COUNTY, MISSOURI 

By: 

Name: 

Gary Jungermann 

By: 

Name: 

Curtis Warfield 

By: 

Name: 

Christopher  Scott 

ATTEST: 

By: 

Ronda Miller, County Clerk 

110145436.7 

11 

EXHIBIT A 

Property 

Tract  |: 

Part  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of 
Section  Two  (2),  and  part  of the  Northwest  Quarter  of the  Northeast 
Quarter  of Section  Three  (3),  and  all  of the  Northeast  Quarter  of the 
Northeast  Quarter  of Section  Three  (3),  all  in  Township  Forty-eight 
(48)  North,  Range  Ten (10)  West,  in Callaway  County,  Missouri,  and 
being  more particularly  described  as  follows: 

Beginning  at the  Northwest corner of said Section 2,  thence 
with  the  Township Line,  North  89°  15'  24"  East,  1259.71  feet 
to  a  point,  thence  South  0°  09'  East,  1468.43  feet  to  a  point  in 
the  South  line  of the  Northwest  Quarter  of the  Northwest  quarter 
of said  Section  2,  thence  with said  South  line,  South  88°  34'  10” 

West,  1259.81  feet  to  the  Southwest  corner  of  the  Northwest 
Quarter of the  Northwest  Quarter  of said  Section 2,  thence  South 

88°  26'  46"  West 2554.21  feet  to  a  point,  thence  with  an  existing 

fence  line,  North  0°  16'  10"  West,  1519.64  feet  to  a  point  in  the 

Township Line,  thence  with  said  Township Line  North  89°  15' 

24"  East,  2556.61  feet  to  the  point  of beginning. 

ALSO the  Northwest Quarter  of the  Northeast  Quarter  of Section  One 
(1),  Township Forty-eight  (48),  Range  Ten (10),  EXCEPT a  strip  of 
land  off of the  West end  thereof 9  feet  wide  at  the  South  end  and  31 
feet  wide  at  the  North  end; 

ALSO  the  Southwest  Quarter  of the  Southeast  Quarter  and  the 
South half of the  Northwest Quarter of the  Southeast Quarter of 
Section  Thirty-six  (36),  Township Forty-nine  (49),  Range  Ten 
(10). 

tract of land beginning  at the  Southeast corner 
FURTHER EXCEPT A 
of the  Northwest Quarter of the  Northeast Quarter  of Section One  (1), 
Township  Forty-eight  (48),  Range  Ten (10);  thence  West  280  feet; 
thence  North 312  feet;  thence  East 280 feet;  thence  South  312  feet  to 
the  point of beginning containing 2.01  Acres,  (2  Acres more or  less). 

SUBJECT to  Easements  of Record. 

110145436.7 

12 

Twelve  (12)  acres  in  the  Southwest  corner  of  the  West  Half  of  Lot  Two  (2)  of 

the  Northwest  Quarter  of  Section  Six  (6),  Township  Forty-eight  (48),  Range 

Nine  (9);  forty-two  and  21/100  (42.21)  acres  the  East  part  of  the  North  Half 

of  the  Northeast  Quarter  of  Section  One  (1),  Township  Forty-eight  (48), 

Range  Ten  (10);  the  Southeast  Quarter  of  the  Southeast  Quarter  and  the  South 

Half  of  the  Northeast  Quarter  of  the  Southeast  Quarter  of  Section  Thirty-six 

(36),  Township  Forty-nine  (49),  Range  Ten  (10). 

EXCEPT  that  tract  conveyed  to  Associated  Electric  Cooperative  by  deed 

recorded  in  Book  273  at  page  225,  Records  of  Callaway  County,  Missouri. 

Parcel Nos:  04-07.0-36.0-00-000-004.000;  04-07.0-36.0-00-000-003.000;  08-03.0-06.0-00-000- 
003.000;  07-01.0-01.0-00-000-001.000;  and  07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.000 

Tract 2: 

A TRACT OF  LAND BEGINNING AT THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE NORTHWEST 
QUARTER (NW  1/4) OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE  1/4) OF  SECTION ONE (1), 
TOWNSHIP  FORTY  -EIGHT  (48), RANGE TEN  (10);  THENCE WEST 280 FEET; THENCE 
NORTH 312  FEET, THENCE EAST 280  FEET; THENCE SOUTH  312  FEET TO THE POINT 
OF  BEGINNING.  EXCEPT THAT PART, IF ANY, LYING WITHIN  COUNTY  ROAD. 

Parcel No:  07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.002 

110145436.7 

13 

Tract  3: 

TRACT  | 
The Northeast  Quarter of the  Southwest  Quarter, and  the  East  Half of Lot  No.  |  of the  Northwest 
Fractional  Quarter of Section One  (1),  Township Forty-eight  (48) North,  Range  Ten (10) West of the 
Fifth  Principal  Meridian,  containing  in  all  81.55  acres,  more or less. 
The  South  half of the  Northeast  Quarter of Section  One (1);  the  North Half of the  Southeast  Quarter of 
Section  One  (1);  all  in Township Forty-eight  (48) North,  Range Ten (10) West  of the  Fifth  Principal 
Meridian. 
EXCEPT a  Two (2) acre tract in the  South Half of the  Northeast  Quarter  of Section One  (1),  Township 
Forty-eight  (48) North,  Range  Ten (10)  West  in  Callaway  County,  Missouri  and  more particularly 
described  as  follows: 
Starting at  a  stone set  for the  Southwest corner  of the  Southeast  Quarter of the  Northwest Quarter of 
said  Seciton  |,  thence  North  0  degrees  0'  East with  the  North  and  South  subdivision  line  of the 
Northwest  Quarter of Section  I,  1,354.4  feet  to  a  found  iron set  for  the  intersection  of said  North  and 
South  subdivision  line  and  the  East  and  West  subdivision  line  of the  Northwest Quarter of said  Section  | 
and  being a  point  on  the  approximate centerline  of a  county  road;  Thence  North  88  degrees  53'  East with 

said  East  and West  subdivsion  line  and  the  approximate  centerline  of said  county  road,  1,357.6  feet  to  a 

found  iron  set  for the Northeast  corner  of the  Southeast  Quarter  of the  Northwest  Quarter of said  Section 

1;  Thence  continuing  North  88  degrees  53°  East with  the  center  line  of said  county  road,  1085.4  feet  to 
the  Point  of Beginning;  Thence  continuing North  88  degrees  53'  East  with  the  centerline  of said  county 

road  311.1  feet;  Thence  South  |  degree  07'  East  280.0 feet  to  a  set  iron;  Thence  South  88  degrees  53’ 

West  311.1  feet  to  a  set  iron;  Thence North  |  degree  07'  West 280.0  feet  to  the  Point  of Beginning  and 
containing  2.00  acres  more  or less.  Subject to  all  the  public  and  private  roads  and  easements  and 
excepting therefrom  that  part  heretofore conveyed  to  the  State of Missouri for highway  purposes. 

TRACT Il 
The  North  Half of the  Northwest  Quarter of Section One  (1),  Township Forty-eight  (48) North,  Range 
Ten (10) West,  containing Ninety  and  30/100  (90.30)  acres,  more  or less. 
SUBJECT to  easements  of record. 

The  eastern  forty  (40)  acres  of  the  following  tract  of  land: 
The  North  Half  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of  Section  One 
Forty-eight 
acres,  more  or  less. 
SUBJECT  to  easements  of  record. 

(48),  Range  Ten  {10},  containing  Ninety  and  30/100 

(1),  Township 
(30.30) 

Parcel No: 07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.000 

110145436.7 

14 

Tract 4: 

The  eastern  200  feet  of  the  fol lowing 
g 
48  North,  Range  10  West 

,  in  Callaway  County,  Missouri: 

two  tracts  of  land  locat 

1 

ed  in  Section  1 

i 

i 

,  Township 

TRACT 1 
The  Northeast Quarter of  the Southwest Quarter, and the East Half 
Fractional Quarter of Section One (1),  Township Forty-cight (48) North, Range Ten (10) West of the 
Fifth  Principal  Meridian,  containing 
in  all 81.55  acres, more or less. 
The South half  of  the Northeast  Quarter of  Section One (1); the North Half 
cep One (1); all in Township Forty-eight (48) North, Range Ten (10) West of the Fifth Principal 

of  Lot No.  1  of  the Northwest 

of the  Southeast Quarter of 

of  Section One  (1), Township 

line  and  the  Bast  and  West  subdivision 

of  Section  1,  1,354.4  feet  to  a  found  iron  set  for  the  intersection 

EXCEPT a  Two  (2)  acre  tract  in  the  South  Half  of  the Northeast Quarter 
Forty-eight (48) North, Range Ten (10)  West  in Callaway County, Missouri  and  more particularly 
described 
as  follows: 
Starting  at  a  stone  set  for  the  Southwest  corner  of  the  Southeast  Quarter  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of 
ssid  Seciton  1;  thence  North  0  degrees  0'  East with  the  North  and  South  subdivision  fine  of  the 
Northwest Quarter 
South  subdivision 
Quarter  of  said Section  | 
and  being  a  point  on  the  approximate  centerline  of  a  county  road;  Thence  North  88  degrees 
53’  Bast  with 
said  Bast  and  West  subdivsion  line  and  the  approximate  centerline of  said  county  road,  1,357.6  feet  to  a 
found  iron  set  for  the Northeast  corner  of  the  Southeast  Quarter  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of  said Section 
1;  Thence  continuing  North  88  degrees  53'  East  with  the  center  line  of  said  county  road,  1085.4  feet  to 
the  Point  of  Beginning;  Thence  continuing  North  88  degrees  53'  East  with  thé  centerline  of  said  county 
road  311.1  feet;  Thence  South  1  degree  07' East 280.0  feet  to  a  set  iron;  Thence  South  88  degrees  53! 
‘West  311.1  feet  to  a  set  iron;  Thence  North  1  degree  07'  West  280.0  feet  to  the  Point  of  Beginning  and 
containing 
to  all  the  public  and  private  roads  and  easements  and 
excepting  therefrom  that  part  heretofore conveyed  to  the  State  of Missouri for highway  purposes. 

line  of  the Northwest 

2.00  acres  more  or less.  Subject 

of  said  North  and 

; 

'  TRACT IE 

of the Northwest Quarter of Section One  (1), Township Forty-eight (48) North, Range 

The North Half 
Ten (10) West, containing Ninety and 30/100 (90.30) acres, more or less. 
SUBJECT to  casements of record. 

: 

EXCEPT: 
The  eastern  forty  (40)  acres  of  the  following  tract  of  land: 
The  North  Half  of  the  Northwest  Quarter  of  Section  One 
Forty-eight 
acres,  more  or  less. 
SUBJBCT  to  easements.  of  record. 

(48),  Range  Ten  (10),  containing  Ninety  and  30/100 

(1),  Township 
(90.30) 

Parcel No:  07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.001 

110145436.7 

15 

Tract  5: 

Part of the Northeast Quarter of Section  1, Township 48 North, Range  10  West, Callaway County, Missouri, described as 

follows: 

Commencing at a stone for the southeast corner of said section, thence North 01°46'35"  East, 3886.6 feet to a  1/2"  steel rod in 
the county road; thence along said road, North 89°06'47"  West, 890.2 feet to a  1/2" steel rod and the POINT OF BEGINNING 
of this description; thence leaving said road, South 00°53'13"  West, 280.00 feet to a  1/2” steel rod; thence North 89°06'47" 
West, 333.00 feet to a 1/2” steel  rod; thence North 00°53'13" East, 280.00 feet to a  1/2" steel rod in the county road; thence 
along said  road, South 89°06'47" East, 333.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING, containing 2.14 acres. 

SUBJECT TO easements  of record. 
SUBJECT TO that  part used  for county  road  purposes. 

Parcel No: 07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.002 

110145436.7 

16 

EXHIBIT B 

Project Boundary 

04:07-0-36.0-0020005001-001 

-0-00-000-00 

2.000 

04-07 .0-36.0-00-000-003.000 

04-07.0-36.0-00-000-004:000 

a 

100-002-001] 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.000 

: 

08-03 

08-03.0-06.0-00-0001003.000 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-002.002 

2 

|'0-00-000-004.002 

003.008 

07-01.0-01.0-00-000-004.000 

07-01'0-07.0-00,000-004.001 

110145436.7 

17 

Outlook 

Crusoe  2024  Impact  Report 

From  Curt Warfield  <cwarfield@callawaycounty.org> 

Date  Tue  5/5/2026  10:56  AM 

To 

Christopher  Scott  <cscott@callawaycounty.org>;  Gary Jungermann  <GJungermann@Callawaycounty.org > 

(i  1  attachment  (5  MB) 

Crusoe_Impact_Report_2024.pdf; 

Worth glancing through.  Community involvement starts  at  pg 42. 

Curt Warfield 
Callaway County  Eastern  District Commissioner 
E:  cwarfield@callawaycounty.org 
P:  573-642-0737 
M:  573-220-6407 

Callaway County 

Celebrating  200  years  in  the  heart  of  Mid-Missouri 

