Callaway Commission 

SS 

From: 

Sent: 

To: 

Ce: 

Subject: 

Good Afternoon, 

Callaway  Commission 

Friday,  March  27,  2026  2:28  PM 

Heather  Tazalla 

Conor  Bates-Janigo;  Lucas  Workman;  Mark  Brady;  Jennifer  George 

Re:  Crusoe  Follow  Up 

The Commissioners are only available  until  11:00  a.m.  on April  14th. 

The Commissioners are free for travel on April 16" though April 17 or on April 20" through April 21st. 

Thank you, 

Myra Winters 

Deputy to the  Commission 

Callaway County Commission 

10  East 5" Street 

Fulton,  MO 65251 

Phone:  (573) 642-0737 

Fax:  (573) 642-1032 

Email: comish@callawaycounty.org 
Website: https://callawaycounty.org/commission/ 

From:  Heather Tazalla <htazalla@crusoe.ai> 

Sent: Thursday,  March  26,  2026  12:47  PM 
To: Callaway Commission  <comish@callawaycounty.org> 
Cc: Conor Bates-Janigo <cbatesjanigo@crusoe.ai>;  Lucas Workman <lworkman@crusoe.ai>;  Mark Brady 
<MBrady  @polsinelli.com>;  Jennifer George <jgeorge@northpointkc.com> 
Subject:  Crusoe  Follow Up 

Commissioners, 

Hope that everyone is having a  nice week so far. |  am writing to introduce you to  Lucas Workman, who 
was unable to join  in  our last meeting but is on Crusoe's economic development and government affairs 
team. He will be working with us on our efforts in Callaway County. He is  planning to be in  Missouri on 
April 14 (Tuesday), and  if you  are available, would welcome the opportunity to come by your ofÏce and 
introduce himself.  He is also planning on  meeting with Tamara Tateosian from the Chamber during his trip. 
Another option  is to  set that date for our stakeholder workshop,  if you  think we can  get the  larger group assembled.  Let  us 

know your thoughts on  that -  if that were the case,  Conor and  |  would  plan  to  be there for the  larger  meeting. 

As  discussed  with  Commissioner Jungermann,  we  are working  on  the  logistics  for a  site visit  and  we will  be  back  in  touch 

shortly with  more  information.  In  the  meantime,  it  would  be  great to get  some  dates  that  a  tour would work for you  in  the 

next few weeks  so that  we can  confirm  a  date  with  the site. 

| 

| 

| 

Lastly, we should  be  able to send a  fact  sheet to this  group  in  the  next few  days  to  answer some  of your early questions. 

1 

A, RS  A Ae — 

April 14 (Tuesday), and if you are available, would welcome the opportunity to come by your ofÏce and 
introduce himself. He is also planning on meeting with Tamara Tateosian from the Chamber during his trip. 
Another  option  is to  set  that  date  for our  stakeholder  workshop, if  you  think we  can get the larger group  assembied.  Let us 
know  your  thoughts  on  that  - if  that  were  the  case,  Conor  and  |  would  plan  to  be  there  for  the  larger  meeting. 

As discussed with Commissioner Jungermann, we are working on the logistics for a  site visit and we will be back in touch 
shortly with more information  in the meantime, it would be great to get some dates that a tour would work for you  in the 
next few weeks so that we can confirm a date with the site 

Lastly, we should be able to send  a fact sheet to this group in the next few days to answer some of your early questions. 

Best, 

Heather 

Heather Tazalia 
Acquisitions &  Development 
Phone  214-263-8248 

